Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 113 Part 2.

The God of Destruction casually located other worlds at once and planned to attack them indiscriminately. However–.
『Why…. My power is….』
The enormous energy of the God of Destruction was in perfect state, but when it came to his will, it continued to simply stay put there.
『You are no longer able to even control your own power. Give it up.』
『Why…? Why are you interfering with me…? I’ve finally come this far….』
『You are unwilling to give up your destruction delusion even at the last moment, huh. Even though you possess that much power, just why? Nah, it’s exactly because you possess such power, huh.』
The will of the God of Destruction grew weak as if being shrouded in mist.
『Why you hold that much grudge. Or what made you despaired, I don’t know them and I don’t want to know, either.』
『What are you… intending to do?』
『Let’s see, I’m only going to annihilate your will of destruction. I don’t know about the rest. If there were reincarnation even for you….』
The God of Destruction was silent. His will of destruction had been completely annihilated.
『Just think more casually. Moving around the world randomly is fine, you know, randomly. If you look around, there are many interesting things lying around, so you should just enjoy the world. Next time, just be sure to strive to be able to at least hold an anime discussion.』
Tanaka muttered as such in front of the will-less enormous energy that was left behind.
『—but still, I can’t really just leave it as is, huh…. I’m not really into it, but I guess it have no choice.』
There was something that Tanaka had learned from anime and games. That was rebirth and reprise, the act of ruining the worth of life.
『It doesn’t bode well to leave such a huge energy as is, after all, I guess I’ll just restore them to the point of before they were destroyed by the God of Destruction.』
Tanaka used the overabundant energy there to resurrect the worlds, as well as the Gods that governed those worlds, that had been destroyed by the God of Destruction.
The people in question would surely lead their lives toward their respective tomorrows, knowing nothing of what had transpired.
『As for the last one…. looks like I happen to have the right one.』
A crystal appeared in front of Tanaka. It was the crystal seal that had been entrusted to him by the God of Creation.
Tanaka released Morinaga, who was sealed in the crystal, without hesitation. He also restored her destroyed core while he was at it, so her life was no longer in danger.
「… What’s the meaning of this?」
Morinaga asked Tanaka with a somewhat nervous look on her face. It was because she’d been watching the situation outside from the sealed crystal body.
The fact that the God of Creation had been defeated. The dread of the God of Destruction. And that Tanaka had defeated the God of Destruction.
『From what I’ve heard, you wanted to become a God, didn’t you? I just happen to have the right stuff here, want to give it a try? Becoming a God, I mean.』
「… What are you up to?」
『I’m not up to anything. Well, it’s a world that that God of Destruction created, so perhaps you’d find it irritating, though. But this is the world that the God of Destruction abandoned, you know? If you’re able to govern it well, won’t it be revenge in its own way? You’d be able to show him a smug face, you know?』
Looking at the smug face Tanaka showed as he said so, Morinaga was slightly irked.
「…hmm, very well. Even if I return to God of Creation-sama now, I bet the other administrators won’t show good expressions, after all. I’ll let myself be swayed by your words.」
When Tanaka heard Morinaga’s reply, he used the remaining power there to elevate Morinaga to the realm of God.
Morinaga’s expression, which was previously tense, turned to one of surprise. However, it lasted only for a moment, as she soon returned to her normal state and headed for the world of the God of Destruction as she was without saying a word.
There she paused for the last time.
「I am grateful to you. For saving God of Creation-sama– for saving the world. For stopping the God of Destruction. And for showing us the path we should take.」
Morinaga spread her wings toward a new world.
「The possibilities you showed us were a light that illuminated not only humanity, but even the path that Gods ought to take. Even if it is only a transient miracle, I doubt I will be able to forget this feat. Farewell, o great human.」
Leaving those words behind, Morinaga disappeared. Tanaka, the only one left in the world of darkness, heaved out a sigh.
「Haa, this is why amateurs are…. Isn’t it a common sense that if you’re going dere, you should end it with ‘so cool, embrace me’?」
It was the usual Tanaka antics. Originally, this was supposed to be something he ought to unleash his signature good grief at, however, it couldn’t be helped. No, it couldn’t be done.
Tanaka had already lost his limbs, and his body had also turned into particles of light and begun to vanish.
Tanaka knew. That this was inevitable.
Before the battle against the God of Destruction, Tanaka had sublimated a part of himself into a higher dimension. At that time, he attained the power to observe the future, but with this power, not only the attacks of the God of Destruction, he also ended up seeing the future beyond that. The sole path to triumph over the God of Destruction. As well as the future that awaited beyond that.
「I hoped that perhaps I’d be able to avoid it with the attributes of the popular cheat protagonist, but… as expected, I should have dyed my hair blonde and given off super-ish aura, huh.」
With his soul exhausted due to the sublimation to a higher dimension, combined with the act of repeatedly interfering with this dimension, he continued to lose all his power. As his consciousness began to fade, Tanaka knew that the time to pay for the miracle had finally come.
「In the end, the kyakya ufufu harem will remain unfulfilled, huh….」
At the end, such a grumbling was leaked out. However, despite what he said, he had a somewhat refreshed expression on his face.
「Well, I’ve had one hell of a time since I came to another world, but….」
He recalled various occurrences from the time he suddenly found himself standing in a daze in an unfamiliar street corner.
「It was fun….」
With those last words, Tanaka disappeared from the world of darkness.
◇ ◇ ◇
「What’s going on?!」
In front of the body of the incarnation of destruction, which had suddenly ceased moving, began to crack and crumble down, Mikoto exclaimed in surprise.
「Isn’t it obvious?! The God of Creation-sama has won. It’s our win!」
Zonmer raised shouts of victory on Mikoto’s shoulder.
Everyone’s reactions varied upon hearing this, some were happy, some were relieved, and some were drained of strength.
The battle against the Incarnation of Destruction had been fierce to the extreme, but luckily it was over with no one losing their lives.
While their comrades were rejoicing over their safety, Suke-san walked up to Kaku-san, who was some distance away.
「Kaku-dono, the power from Tanaka-dono is….」
「… The connection with him, which wasn’t disconnected even when he was banished from the world, has vanished. He’s already….」
Kaku-san, didn’t continue his words. It was because, even then, he knew that that was enough to convey to Suke-san.
「As expected…, that was the case, huh-degozaru.」
Kaku-san and Suke-san watched over their comrades who were rejoicing over their win against the God of Destruction. Their backs appeared to be somewhat smaller and lonely.
