Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 56 Part 1.

I Wonder What Kind of Monster It Is That Will Come Out
Custard, the royal capital of the Purin Kingdom. There was a group of people sortying from the royal capital, which was enveloped in a full-blown cold. This was the newly formed independent battalion of the Purin Kingdom Army. The eyes of the citizens of the royal capital were all glued to the group that was solemnly proceeding down the main street. The rumor of the emergence of the Demon Lord had already spread throughout the country, not to mention the capital. It wasn’t like there was an announcement about the purpose of the independent battalion, but everyone was more or less aware of what it was. This sortying group’s goal was to subjugate the Demon Lord.
The kingdom soldiers of the independent battalion proceeded in silence. Among them, there were several people who stood out the most. Their fine armor that was clearly different from the soldiers around them, and their fluttering pure white cloaks. It was Kamui the hero, who had become their light of hope. His party members, Purinism Priestess Kaltovich and Guild A Ranker girl Tetsujin, were also with him. Although they had paraded numerous times upon subjugating monsters, their expressions were stiff, unlike how they had been up until now. The people who noticed this must have sensed more keenly that the rumors about the emergence of the Demon Lord were true. And then, that this battle would be different from the previous ones, as it would surely be a huge battle….
And then, among the people who were trembling in both anticipation and anxiety. There were those who were seeing the group off with eyes overflowing with strong will. They were this generation’s original hero, Mikoto, and her partner, the great sage, Merlin.
「 —Geez, what big deals they sure have become now. Nevertheless, Demon Lord, huh…. What do you think about it, Merlin? 」
「 Let’s see…. In a lot of ways, the people of this kingdom are those with one-sided ideologies, after all. It’s unknown how they deem one as a Demon Lord…. 」
Merlin pondered while rubbing his beard-covered chin.
「 Considering the current state of the demon race, I think it’s unlikely that a king has been born to lead them. All in all, we’re talking about people who look down on demons as though they were monsters here. It’s more likely that they have merely stumbled upon a powerful demon and made a big fuss out of it in panic. For example, the one from that incident. 」
「 For them to panic only now, I wonder if Kamui didn’t report the matter to the kingdom. Well, if he did report that they’d experienced such an unsightly overwhelming defeat, it was unknown how the people of this kingdom would react, after all…. While it doesn’t have anything to do with me, I don’t even want to think about it. 」
As far as Mikoto was concerned, the nature of the people of this kingdom wasn’t something to be fond of. With a cloud covering her face, she heaved out a sigh.
「 Well, thanks to this we can also more or less try putting up some vain struggles, after all. That’s a good thing, I suppose. 」
「 So we’re finally going to meet them, huh. 」
Mikoto heaved out a sigh once again. However, unlike the one from earlier, a hint of excitement could seem to be sensed there.
「 I wonder what kind of monster it is that will come out. 」
The last few months of training must have been enough for her to gain confidence. Other than the departing independent battalion, the two also took another step forward.
Those who were led by a strange fate were about to meet once again.
◇ ◇ ◇
The eastern part of the Purin Kingdom–, there were a number of transit towns scattered along the highway leading to the Haru Empire. In a small town that was one of these towns, there was a man who was sloppily drowning in milk in a certain tavern.
「 Hey, ol’ man. Are you listening? I’ve also tried my best, you know? But, you know, it’s no good…. I can’t take any more seriousness than this! 」
「 Yeah, I’m listening, but…. I don’t understand what you’ve been saying at all. 」
Tanaka was whining at the counter. It seemed that the recent serious developments had been too much for the super-elite of the little man society to bear. Feebly dragging himself to the tavern around noon, he had been in such a state ever since. The tavern old man, who had been dealing with Tanaka, who had been ceaselessly displaying such unsightly behavior for a while now, must have been a very outstanding man.
At dusk where the sun was beginning to set, the tavern was gradually welcoming its customers. Even though it was located in a small town, it was becoming quite lively. It was a common scene of daily life in any town. However, there appeared someone who froze this liveliness.
It was a beautiful woman who seemed to be out of place in this place. As she walked from the entrance of the tavern to the counter, the bustle of the tavern gradually subsided. A breathtakingly well-featured countenance. Glossy white skin. Black hair that glistened beautifully under the illumination of the tavern. All of it fascinated all who saw it.
What was regrettable, however, was that her glossy hair was tied into a bun in the back. What’s more, she was dressed in a plain maid uniform. Her figure was perfect to that of a maid, but for sure everyone there would have liked to see her appearance with her hair down and all dressed up.
Maintaining the silence, everyone in the tavern paid their full attention to every action of this beautiful woman. Only the sound of her footsteps echoed in the silence of this place. The way she walked looked somewhat mechanical and her behavior did not seem feminine or even human-like at all. Whispering voices began to emerge from everywhere in the quiet tavern, and the lost bustle of the tavern returned.
In a way, it could be said that she had dominated this place, but for better or worse this was a tavern. Having one or two drunken men calling out to her could be said to be inevitable.
「 Hey, sis. Would you like to have a drink with us? Of course I don’t mind having more than that. 」
Vulgar laughs came from the table of the man who called out to her. The beautiful woman responded with a blank expression.
「 I’m sorry, but I’m not here to eat or drink. I came here to look for certain information. Yes…, are you updated with information? 」
「 Information, huh…. Very well, we’ll tell you all we know. 」
The man stood up, perhaps to keep this chance from being stolen by the other customers. No, maybe he was simply trying to show off. Just as he was about to put his hands on her shoulders as if to hold her, inviting her to join him at the table–.
