Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 22 Part 1.

Trampling Down III
「Wha, what in the world is going on…」
The General found himself stupefied on the observation platform. But there was nothing he could do about it. The Republican Army had stretched out both of their wings to prevent the Alliance armies from escaping to the east. However, a huge tornado had suddenly appeared out of the blue and swallowed up their central army.
Next to him was Brutus, who might not be as much as the General was, but was still surprised as she stared at the scene left in the wake of the tornado.
「It seems that those monsters used the highest-order of wind-based magic just a moment ago. It possessed such a terrifying power that didn’t fall short to the ones described in the legend.」
In this current age, the magic generally available to the public was only up to the fifth-order. A few influential people and excellent magicians might have third-order magic passed down from their predecessors. However, second and higher order magic had been long lost to the humans, and being passed down to them only in the forms of stories and legends.
The magic that swallowed up the Republican army just a moment ago showed exactly the same level of power as the highest-order magic in the legends. More to her surprise at the magic itself, Brutus was more interested in the monsters that had caused this phenomenon.
「Tha, that’s right. Brutus-dono! The dragons! Send the dragons to deal with them!」
It was highly unlikely for an ordinary army to be able to deal with the enemies that had just emerged. Thus, the General turned his sight to the power of the dragon to break the deadlock.
It was true that the dragons possessed mighty power. However, those monsters’ power was most likely far above and beyond such dragons. The power currently available to the Republican army was nowhere near enough to deal with those monsters. Brutus was aware of that fact, and yet she still followed the General’s orders. In the first place, she had no authority to refuse an order from the General. Above all, though, she was dying to know more about those monsters.
She sent one of the dragons, that had been showering attacks on the Alliance armies from the sky, towards those monsters. Those monsters definitely weren’t opponents that could be dealt with a single dragon. However, if she were to send all of the dragons toward those monsters at once, they would most likely be wiped out by the magic from earlier. Which meant her best bet was to try to gradually exhaust their power efficiently.
The General shouted at her for sending only a single dragon, but she immediately convinced him after explaining a brief of her plan. She didn’t think it was possible to use such powerful magic so many times in a row. The best method to deal with those monsters was to first deplete their magical energy. After sealing off that powerful magic, they could then hope to defeat them by relying on their numbers. Brutus couldn’t think of any other means. Most importantly, there were more than 30 dragons under her control. She was very interested to see how those monsters would fare against them.
◇ ◇ ◇
The Tanaka and co. were on their way moving themselves away from the scene. Kaku-san was the first to sense the presence of the approaching enemy.
「Hey, there seems to be something coming our way. It looks like a dragon.」
「Seriously? Aren’t dragons and the like supposed to be dangerous? … They’re supposed to be crazy strong after all, right?」
Tanaka was a bit excited as he heard the word ‘dragon’, but he quickly sensed the gravity of the situation and immediately ascertained the matter related to dragons. Kaku-san explained it to him in a nutshell, but its power was as expected nothing short of a threat. In the meantime, the dragon began attacking them from the sky with its breath attack.
「E! Emergency Evasion!」
Kaku-san undid his transformation and settled on his seat above Tanaka’s head as usual. Tanaka and Suke-san evaded the breath attacks released by the dragon one after another.
「Suke-san! Can you do something about it?!」
「I can’t-degozaru! At such a long distance, the power of my basic attack magic will all be rendered to nothing-degozaru!」
Even while evading, Tanaka asked Suke-san about any means to deal with the current situation. However, Suke-san’s cards in hand weren’t enough to break the deadlock.
「Looks like I have no choice but to flip one of my cards, huh… I’d like to refrain from using it in a place where so many people are watching, but I guess there’s no other choice—」
As Tanaka finished resolving himself, he took a cool stance and moved to fire his own magic attack.
「O ye legendary beasts sealed since times immemorial! Devour the enemies that stand before me!」
Tanaka declared, before fervently firing a series of Stone balls. The dragon was about to attack Tanaka and co. while circling around them. However, a rock suddenly flew at supersonic speed before exploding on the dragon. Small-scale explosions continued to spread throughout its body without stopping. The dragon’s tough natural armor, the scales covered skin, was cruelly destroyed. The dragon flew at higher speeds in an attempt to avoid the unknown attacks, but in the end its efforts were to no avail. It arrived in almost no time at all, Tanaka’s supersonic Stone ball was an unavoidable attack, even with the dragon’s excellent flying ability.
Tanaka continued to incessantly and desperately fire his attacks toward the threat of his life. Suke-san called out to such a Tanaka.
「Tanaka-dono. Don’t you think there’s no need for you to restrain your power at this distance-degozaru?」
「…..」
With a crisp look on his face, Tanaka turned around and responded to Suke-san, even while continuing his attack.
「I want to gauge the power of the enemy for a bit. But for you to notice even that, you sure have grown a lot, Suke-san.」
「Is that so-degozaru?」
Suke-san was a little happy to be praised. Tanaka turned to the dragon again and unleashed a powerful Stone ball on it, powered with grudges as it had almost made him embarrass himself.
「Dimension Shattering Explosion Wave!」
The dragon that had been flying overhead suddenly exploded. A number of its broken remains were cruelly scattering in the sky before falling down.
「At a time like this, there’s a tradition in some areas of the country to say things like, ‘What a dirty firework’. However, make sure not to do it, as there’s a possibility that it would put you in all sorts of danger, such as being challenged by your rival, or getting killed by Last boss class enemies! However, if it were those who liked to sleep with another’s lover, or those who wanted to get a wife as quickly as possible, then you could do it on them. In that case, however, your hairline might suddenly recede rapidly, so you have to give it proper maintenance. And do your best to avoid death flag.」
「I understand-degozaru.」
「Seriously?」
Tanaka taught Suke-san the strict rules of the society, as he pointed to the aftermath of the explosion. Kaku-san, who at some points had assumed human form, began to worry about the hairline of his crew cut hair.
◇ ◇ ◇
