Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 26.

Conclusion
Cassius, receiving his defeat declaration, hung his head in silence.
There were dozens of soldiers in the headquarters, but they all similarly had a look of resignation on their faces, giving up the fight.
「… ku, kukukuku. I did receive the report about you from Brutus, but I didn’t expect you to be this much of a monster…」
Cassius said quietly. His face was tinged with madness. No one said anything as they simply stared at him.
「… but it’s no fun. It’s no fun at all. To think I’d be made a fool of to this extent…」
Cassius staggered up to Brutus. And put his hand on her neck.
Brutus showed no reaction to his action whatsoever.
「What do you think you are doing?! Get away from my sister!」
「Big sis, you also quickly get away from him!」
Shosa yelled at Cassius in a fluster.
Taisa begged her sister to get away, even though she was aware she was under servitude.
And Tanaka, upon hearing that, screamed, ‘She’s the princess?!’ in his mind. He then proceeded to check out Brutus’ appearance with a serious expression in order to add her into the beauty list.
Perhaps thinking that he had had them, Cassius floated a smile at the sight of the people around him.
「I was intending to save this for later after I had her kill her own younger siblings, but… It can’t be helped… I guess I’ll have my fun right here, right now. I’d like to see her grieving and suffering appearance for having killed not only her parents, but also so many others!」
Cassius removed the magic tool of servitude from Brutus’ neck.
Her lost emotions were restored at once. Along with the eruption of remorse that had been suppressed by servitude.
「I… I am.., A, Aaaaaah!」
Princess Aisa fell on to her knees. Covering her face with both of her hands, sobbing.
「Hahahahaha! Are you sad? Are you in agony? I see, I bet you are. Not only your parents, you’ve also laid waste to so many denizens you are supposed to protect, after all. Wielding the power of the royal family with your own two hands!」
Cassius reproached Princess Aisa and stirred the guilt within her.
「You bastard! Stop it already! Kuh!….」
「It’s not your fault, Big sis! You were forced to do it, weren’t you?」
Shosa and Taisa lost themselves in anger and tried to chargen in at Cassius once again, but were blocked by the barrier.
Cassius took out a knife while watching their reactions happily.
「What a gentleman I am, if I do say so myself. How about I lend you a hand to escape from that pain?」
Cassius said and threw a knife in front of Princess Aisa.
Princess Aisa, almost crushed down by remorse, caught a glimpse of the knife.
「Now then, use that knife to liberate yourself from your pain. And this time amuse me with the sight of your grieving siblings. Hahahahahaha! This idea doesn’t sound half bad. This might turn out to be quite fun in its own way!」
As Cassius laughed madly, Princess Aisa slowly took the knife into her hand. Then she clutched the knife tightly, and slowly pointed it at her own body.
「Don’t do it, Big sis.」
「Stop it!」
The two’s cries echoed. In response to their voices, Princess Aisa turned her head in their direction.
「… I’m sorry.」
She whispered with a sad look on her face, and then thrust the knife right into her own chest.
The screams of his siblings and Cassius’ laughter echoed.
Princess Aisa’s body began to fall down.
◇ ◇ ◇
Or so that was supposed to be the case, but in the end it didn’t. For Tanaka was there supporting her body.
「Wut?」
Cassius let out such a strange noise.
All the people around the headquarters were dumbfounded. They fell into wonder as to why Tanaka was there.
Tanaka, the person in question, held out his hand, which was glowing with the light of healing magic, towards Princess Aisa. In no time at all, the knife was pushed out and the wound on her body was closed.
Princess Aisa’s eyes feebly widen up ever so slightly.
「Forget everything…. Just quietly rest for now.」
Tanaka told her briefly. Princess Aisa then closed her eyes, as though listening to Tanaka’s words.
「Why… Why are you here? How….」
Cassius barely squeezed out his words.
Shosa and Taisa, who were dumbfounded, also quickly regained their senses. They hurriedly ran to her sister, but were blocked by the barrier yet again.
「No way… Why….」
They were stunned, as they thought the effect of the barrier had vanished.
How could Tanaka pass through the barrier? No, how come Tanaka was beside Princess Aisa in the first place? They hadn’t noticed even a thing as he made his way there.
In fact, Tanaka was simply trying to save Princess Aisa.
He merely rushed over in panic to the beautiful woman who was about to die right in front of him. Tanaka didn’t know that there was a barrier erected around the headquarters, and he simply walked through it.
The barrier proved no resistance whatsoever in front of Tanaka’s abnormal power. In fact, even after passing through the barrier, he remained unaware of its existence.
Tanaka’s movement, as he rushed over in panic, was beyond the realm of normal human’s recognition. No one there could understand how they had arrived at the current situation.
「What the hell… what the hell are you?!」
Cassius shouted. The madness in him was nowhere to be seen, and fear was beginning to sprout in its stead toward this existence that he couldn’t even understand.
Tanaka gently laid Princess Aisa down and turned to Cassius.
「’What’, huh… just a nobody. I am merely someone who follows his own path. Should there be anyone standing in my way, I shall slay them, should there be a fate I deem unacceptable, I shall vanquish it.」
Tanaka’s chuunibyou began to spiral out of control. Cassius let out a faint laugh upon hearing his words.
「Ha, hahahaha… What the heck is that? You bastard! Are you trying to become a Supreme Being?!」
Cassius yelled at Tanaka. However, he couldn’t shake Tanaka’s chuunibyou soul in the slightest.
「Should my will lead me there, I shall take that seat… even by force.」
Tanaka got too carried away and declared war on the Supreme Being, whose existence was unknown.
「What a joke! You lowly monster! Do you think you stand a chance against that personage?! Don’t flatter yourself simply because you have a bit of power!」
Cassius was furious at Tanaka’s arrogant attitude. And began to laugh at him derisively.
「Fufufufu… very well. Feel free to follow that ‘own path’ of yours as best you can. If you do, I’m sure you will definitely be crushed by that personage eventually.」
Having said all that, Cassius turned his attention to the Alliance army around him.
「And then, all of you… Feel free to bask in the afterglow of your victory while you still can. In the end, your country is doomed to disappear, after all.」
Cassius’s words made the soldiers of the Alliance army angry. From here and there, shouts of calling him a sore loser could be heard.
However, Cassius, even as he received such shouts, showed no sign of being concerned about it in the slightest. He quietly took out a transfer magic tool from his pocket and activated it.
A small magic circle appeared around Cassius’ feet and surrounded him with light.
「I’m sure you’ll understand it soon enough, the meaning of what I just said… kukukuku.」
Cassius managed to escape successfully.
Tanaka stared at the spot where Cassius disappeared at with a stern look on his face. ‘Well crap, did I get a little too carried away there?’ and was flustered inwardly….
Everyone from the Alliance army there wouldn’t have ever imagined that he was thinking about such a thing. It was just, looking at his stern expression, they thought that something was definitely about to occur in near future.
After that, the Alliance army resumed their march again. They arrived at the city of Gokuri without encountering any notable resistance.
In the city of Gokuri, there stood a large pavilion utilized for the government of the Republic. The headquarters stayed there to deal with the aftermath of the war.
Inside one of the rooms, there were Princess Aisa, who was being taken care of, and Tanaka, who was being politely treated.
Tanaka got too carried away by the mood and had somehow followed them there. He couldn’t come up with any ideas to find the whereabouts of Suke-san and Kaku-san.
「However, if it’s Kaku-san… I’m sure he’ll be able to find a way out.」
For the time being, he decided to hope that the mysterious power of spirits could somehow save him. It was the usual Tanaka, a hopeless man who could do nothing on his own.
