Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 104 Part 2.

The battle against the God of Destruction, which was supposed to take place in the distant future, began too early due to an irregularity. At the beginning, everything was bleak due to them losing their trump card, the Witch of Abyss, in the battle against the first incarnation.
However, just as the last hope was about to disappear, there happened to be a man who happened to be there. Moreover, that man happened to possess extraordinary power, a potential comparable to the realm that the Witch of Abyss was exactly projected to arrive at in the time of perpetuity. If this was not a destiny, then it was unknown what was.
「Let’s leave everything to Tanaka. To his…, to human potential.」
The Tavern old man-slash-the God of Creation had realized the truth. That Tanaka had finally arrived at the realm he himself stood at.
「Nevertheless, I do have high expectation of him, but even I don’t expect him to improve that fast.」
Yashichi heard these words from nearby. He didn’t know what they were supposed to mean, but he could at least sense it. That that friend of his was somewhat different from the past.
And then, Eclair was looking around. In order to bring back those charming devil figures as souvenirs, not reading the mood, she alone was shifting into search mode.
At any rate, the majority of the people, be it friend or foe, were now simply looking up at the sky. In order to ascertain how this battle, which would determine everything, would turn out.
◇ ◇ ◇
Meanwhile, speaking of Tanaka-san, who was facing the God of Destruction, his nostrils were flaring in anticipation and excitement.
Now that he was aware of the mighty power he possessed, there was no reason for Tanaka to act reserved. For sure it was already inevitable that he would settle this matter in style and head straight for the popular protagonist route as he was.
The ones he had his eyes on here were Hero-chan, as well as the young miss and the maid. In addition, the little girl he saw somewhere. And then there was also Morinaga and her entourage of beauties, the apostles.
As far as Tanaka was concerned, he had no choice but to go for it. This big event!
And then, wound up having to look directly at Tanaka, who was busy with such fantasies, the God of Destruction began to attack as if driven by fury.
「Begone! I shall not allow the existence such as yourself!」
The incarnations that had already interfered with the world attacked charged at once in a realm that was detached from the flow of time. However, the black lightning released from Tanaka’s body blocked their path.
It surrounded Tanaka as if it were alive, assuming a stance to face the incarnations.
「Now that I’ve awakened to a cheat, I know no defeat! I’ll settle it at once! Secret Technique ‘Awakening Thunder – Rise of God’!」
A number of lightning bolts shot out from the black lightning surrounding Tanaka. Each of it was imbued with vigor that didn’t fall short to the spirit of the Japanese confectionery for not wanting to lose to Western confectionery.
These jet-black lightning bolts rushed on the incarnations, determined not to miss even a single one.
The incarnations assumed a defensive stance, but in the face of the overwhelming power of Japanese confectionery, they vanished in an instant. With swiftness as if the previous hard battle had been nothing but a lie, the more than ten incarnations were annihilated.
Was this work finally going to change its course to a slightly ecchi kyakya ufufu slice of life story?
However, Tanaka-san did not display the relaxed attitude with his nose in the air. It was because he had already sensed the ominous power from the distortion in the space that had expanded wide.
And then it appeared–.
It was the head of a gigantic incarnation, different from the previous ones. Then a gigantic arm appeared and showed the movement of crawling out into this world.
「That one is bad news! Do what you can to push it back to the other side! I’ll take care of the rest!」
The God of Creation, who had unknowingly soared to the sky, said in a panic.
「Huh? Old man? Why are you here…? Huh? Old man is flying in the sky? Rather, what are you doing in those gaudy pants…? Moreover, what’s the deal with that? That oil smeared face—」
「Stop nitpicking! Now is not the time for that! Just push it away already!」
「O, okay. I don’t really get it, but get it, alright.」
Succumbing to the intensity of the God of Creation, Tanaka shifted his focus back to the battle. Facing the gigantic incarnation, he took out the cursed sword Death Abiagette and took a stance.
「I heard that the arbitrator, the creator of all Gods of the universe, seemed to be specialized in lightning-clad-sword technique, but I also have a similar technique—」
The black thunderbolts that had been floating around Tanaka converged on the cursed sword that he held overhead. The cursed sword that was oversized from the beginning turned even bigger and into a sword of lightning. It turned into a gigantic signboard, not inferior in any way in the face of the gigantic incarnation.
「Let me show you! My ultimate slash!」
He swung down the accumulated energy all at once.
「Break! The Guillotine of Ecstasy – Techno Break!」
The gigantic incarnation that was looming over to crush Tanaka was attacked by a jet black slash. This jet black slash easily passed through it, as if receiving no resistance at all.
Just as the thought that this attack didn’t work on it crossed its mind, the gigantic arm that was about to capture Tanaka ceased its movement.
『Th…, this is….』
A voice leaked out from the gigantic incarnation. At this moment, with no discrepancy whatsoever, the incarnation, which was supposed to be faceless, seemed as though displaying an expression like that of pleasure.
The next moment, the gigantic body split in half in a vertical line.
The gigantic body gradually split apart. The cut part was then vanishing, as if transforming into particles.
「I thought I told you to push it back! Geez, what a thing you’ve done there!」
Confirming the disappearance of the gigantic incarnation, the God of Creation took a stance and unleashed the power of the barrier. Thereupon, a pattern of light appeared as if to envelope the gigantic distortion in the space.
『You! Are you going to run away again, God of Creation?!』
The gigantic incarnation that was yet again trying to crawl out of the distortion in the space raised a voice of vindictiveness. However, it could only raise its voice, as it was unable to crawl out at that point.
Eventually, the distortion in space gradually shrank.
『I shall not give up! I shall never give up! I shall definitely crush you without fail!』
As the distortion was on the verge of vanishing, the God of Creation quietly replied.
「Just wait a while longer. As the time to settle everything will soon come.」
With these words as the closing, the distortion of space vanished.
Thus, the battle that had taken place with the Imperial Capital as the stage finally reached its conclusion.
