Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 46 Part 3.

Leaving the excited Tanaka alone, Beatrice continued with the explanation.
「 Creation and Destruction Boundary is the power of God itself. It is the power to create something from nothing and reduce something to nothing. It can be said that anything is possible depending on the power you possess. 」
「 Hmm? Isn’t that kinda similar with grand magic? 」
Tanaka, who even now could create nothing but
kusudama
with grand magic, couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
「 No matter how high level it is, grand magic can never surpass the principles of the world. You can’t create miracles that exceed the principle of the world, and you can only perform it when you are in this world. For us who might have to leave this world to fight in some occasions, grand magic is meaningless. 」
「 Hmm, I feel that I understand it and not at the same time. 」
Tanaka’s main concern was whether he would be able to use this power or not.
「 And then the other power, Deceiver of the Abyss. Excessive power would bring about calamity, but it was human’s nature to seek it nevertheless. This power was bestowed by God of Creation upon us as we had no time to be entangled in unnecessary troubles. It is a power to deceive and reject anyone who tries to pry our power. No matter how high the quality of the appraisal magic tools, they won’t be able to touch the power of God we possess. Well, it’s thanks to this power that we’ve been able to remain unnoticed as the Witch of Abyss. 」
「 Even though you possess such an amazing power, you purposely hide it, huh. That’s quite an exciting setup. Mm-hmm. 」
Tanaka was very pleased with the setup of the witch of abyss. To such a Tanaka, Beatrice readied herself.
「 I take it as you’re ready. I shall bestow upon you the power then. –Hoaaaaaa!!. 」
「 … Granny, your face is scary. 」
Tanaka’s body was enveloped in light. Ignoring Tanaka’s grumbling, the power bestowment promptly finished.
「 Somehow, it’s too uneventful. Like, how should I put it, there’s no excitement to it in the slightest. 」
「 What are you even talking about? Leaving that aside, try rousing the power. It may be difficult at first, but you can start by cladding your sword with the power of God. If you can do that, you will be able to at least exchange blows with the avatar. 」
Tanaka put his hand on his sword. However, it was unknown what kind of thought had crossed his mind, but he let go of his sword, before then light began to glitter on his hand, turning into a sword. The explanation was obvious, it was a sword created from ignition magic.
「 Oou. What’s that…? 」
Seeing it, even Beatrice was surprised. Plasma was gushing out from the densely compressed energy.
「 I might as well go with this one. Why you ask? Because it’s cool, of course— 」
Tanaka then concentrated himself to clad the sword with the power of God. The sword of light was gradually changing in color. Eventually, it turned into a sword that was clad in darkish light. Dark light, the embodiment of contradiction. This was exactly the proof that the power of God, which turned the impossible possible, resided in the sword. Incidentally, there was no particular meaning in it turning black in color. Most likely, it was simply due to Tanaka wishing it that way. That was right, because it was cooler that way!
「 —The light of darkness that extinguishes even Gods. My blade that cut everything to oblivion – Time of Demise. 」
The blade of light was slashed downward from overhead. It was only because Tanaka had once experienced the miasma drifting from his kendo uniform during P.E. class in middle school that he was able to attain such a slash.
And then, nothing happened.
「 –Well, it’s another beautiful day. 」
Extinguishing the sword of light, Tanaka began to talk about the weather as if nothing had happened. The smile on his face as he gazed up at the fog-covered sky showed just how composed he was. He was truly the epitome of a warrior who never forgot to grasp the situation around him at any time. There was no way that Tanaka-san was simply feeling embarrassed that nothing had happened, so he tried to gloss it over by talking about the weather.
「 … What the hell are you doing, geez— 」
Beatrice was exasperated and was about to begin her scolding, but her words got stuck on her throat. The sky of the sealed land that was covered in fog until just a moment ago. It was parting into two as though being split apart. What appeared beyond it was the clear blue sky that they hadn’t seen for a long time. It was proof that he had cut apart the barrier that even the avatar of Kyou, the God of Destruction, was unable to break.
「 Oh! I can see the sky-degozaru. Does that mean we can finally leave this land now? 」
「 Not bad. 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san were excited at the sight of the chance to leave the land under such an unforeseen circumstance. On the other hand, Beatrice saw hope in Tanaka’s slash of sword just now.
「 This sky. Before long the barriers will be restored using the magical energy of the world, and this land will be sealed once again. Now go. And be sure to fulfill your duty as the inheritor of the power of God. 」
「 O, Ou… By the way, what about you, Granny? 」
「 I am nothing but a residual thought that was kept around by the power of God. Once my remaining power dissipates, I will simply disappear. 」
「 Are you sure you are fine with that…? 」
Faced with the reality that triggered the last moment event, Tanaka was slightly taken aback. Such a reality was harsh for the idealist little man Tanaka was.
「 Don’t mind me. I’m already dead, after all. Or rather, even if it was just barely, I’m truly grateful that you’re willing to help me keep the hope alive. Thank you. 」
「 W, well, I’m off then. 」
Tanaka, perhaps embarrassed by her words of gratitude, departed. Suke-san and Kaku-san followed after him. Team Tanaka slowly soared into the sky. Beatrice saw them off.
「 Are you sure you are fine with this?! Isn’t there actually some sorts of way to keep you in this world?! 」
Tanaka turned around and ascertained as such in the sky. It was the same indecisiveness as usual.
「 There’s none! More importantly, don’t ever forget! You have to definitely defeat the avatar of Kyou! 」
Beatrice shouted back. Not forgetting to remind the seemingly unreliable Tanaka of his duty. Team Tanaka continued to ascend further.
「 We’re really going now! Are you sure?! We’re almost out of there, you know?! 」
Tanaka turned back again.
「 Go ahead! I wish you luck! 」
Beatrice cheered for the last time. She watched as Tanaka’s figure gradually disappeared into the sky.
「 Hey! I’ve stepped outside, you know?! The barrier is somehow starting to close itself again, are you really sure about it?! 」
Beatrice finally snapped.
「 Like I told you! Just go away already!」
Team Tanaka finally departed. And then, fog began to gradually cover the sky again. Beatrice felt a tinge of anxiety as she stared at the sky that quickly reverted back to its usual ashen color.
「 Geez, will he really be alright, I wonder? How could someone who possesses such an overwhelming power to radiate such an overwhelming aura of a little man? 」
She recalled her exchanges with Tanaka. That figure of his which was borderline idiocy. The root of it might have actually been kindness. Thinking of it, a smile naturally appeared on her face.
Her final moment had finally come. She thought in her fading consciousness. The moment of demise that had arrived earlier than expected. As well as an apology for forcing such a heavy burden on such a clumsy man.
And then she hoped. That the world would be able to overcome the moment of demise safely.
She couldn’t possibly have known. The possibility of a future where the lineage of witches of abyss continued. There were as many possibilities as there were stars. The fact that among them, the man she had chosen was the best choice of all–
Thus, the lineage of the witches of abyss was hereby cut off there. However, the light of hope ignited by these women, which would turn into the strongest trump card in saving the world, had been released into the world.
