Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 69 part 4.

The moment the tentacles were finally about to seize their prey, losing their energy, they fell on the ground.
「We’re going to continue struggling for a while longer.」
Curryman, with speed like that of a gale, cut down these tentacles. Following him, Kugel and Tetsujin also unleashed attacks toward the tentacles.
It was clear now that this was an opponent of a different level. What they were facing was an overwhelming power that was impossible to be reached through mere skill and experience. However, they still did not cease struggling.
「Good grief, I’m getting fed up with this. Your opponent is.」
More tentacles stretched out. Trying to cut them down again, Curryman’s sword managed to cut into the tentacle, but just as it was sinking only slightly into them, it stopped.
「What?!」
Promptly pulling his sword out, Curryman took some distance.
「If I feel like it, I can even nullify your attack, you see.」
In that case, Curryman and Tetsujn then fired magic attacks, but none of the tentacles got burned and crumbled, unlike how they had been previously. The three of them could do nothing but escape from the tentacles now.
「Now then, let’s start with the easy to eat one….」
One of the tentacles swelled up and opened its mouth, reminiscent of a carnivorous plant. Similar to the end of Kaltovich. The one this huge mouth was headed to was hero Kamui, who was the most exhausted and unable to move.
Kamui braced himself to die as the tentacle closed in on him. However, there appeared a man who stood in the way of this demise. He grabbed tightly the edge of the huge mouth with both hands and did not allow it to go any further.
「You are….」
The one who saved hero Kamui was Kugel. Even if they were temporarily cooperating, why would he go that far to protect him? Words of doubt leaked naturally out of Kamui.
「Hmm… My body moved on its own, you see….」
Kamui and the others managed to somehow evade the crisis. However, this level of resistance would not be enough to stop the monster.
From the neck of the huge mouth that was of the tentacle, new tentacles branched, but their tips were transforming into sharp blades as they moved to attack. Kugel, holding the huge mouth, was unable to move and got his body pierced by the tentacles.
「Gaha!」
Pierced by several tentacles, Kugel fell on his knees. However, he continued to hold the huge mouth.
「Why do you have to go to such lengths to protect me…?」
「Let me see… it’s somewhat vague, but I have this feeling, you see. You’re someone we can’t afford to lose here….」
Kugel vomited blood. Even so, he still doggedly resisted the monster.
「Hopefully you can save them…. The demons… and everyone….」
In the face of that last glow of his fire of life, the supernatural being handed down the merciless judgment.
「What a foolish show. But I get it clearly now. Be it a hero or whatever else, you are all no more than trash in front of me. That means, without a doubt, I’ve reached the realm of Gods!」
The huge mouth turned even bigger.
「Damn it all!」
Curryman was trying to somehow head to where the heroes were, but neither his sword nor magic worked. Tetsujin was also similarly trying to move forward, but her advance was by no means easier as she had to continue evading the tentacles.
And then, slipping off Kugel’s hands, the huge mouth turned into a gigantic mouth that surpassed the limit of what he could grasp.
「I’ll eat you all up at once then.」
The gigantic mouth slowly began to move in order to devour the prey in front of it. At that moment, along with a high-pitched sound that cut apart the world, something flew in from the heavens and pierced the swelled up tentacle. The tentacles, which were supposed to be immune to physical attacks and magic, vanished along with an explosion.
What remained there was an enormous sword that was too boorish to be called a sword. This great sword stuck into the ground, exuding ominous power.
As everyone there was stunned by the suddenness of the event–.
「To think I’d be forced to work to the limit even now… Being a future ruler is unexpectedly hard.」
Even in the face of death, Kugel showed a smile.
「Good grief, you’ve kept us waiting too long damnit!」
Curryman similarly smiled, despite the harsh words he said.
Everyone could not understand. As to how these two experienced warriors could be so at ease in such a grave situation.
However, there was someone there who noticed what was happening.
「Are you going to interfere with me again…?」
It was no one else. It was Cassius-slash-All Biter, the dominator of this place up until now.
「Very well…. I’ve also accumulated enough power. Let’s settle the score between us here and now…. Evil God!」
Cassius glared at the sky. The world isolated by Grand Magic – cracks appeared on the ashen sky that was the proof of it. Eventually, the cracks spread to the whole sky and shattered along with a high-pitched sound.
And then, the original world appeared. A jet-black man floated in the blue sky. It was our protagonist, Tanaka-san.
The outrageous and enviable cliche of a handsome man saving a beautiful girl. The hot blooded righteousness as the handsome man risked his life to save those who were once his enemies. After all of that, in the end the role of saving an old dude fell on Tanaka-san.
How did it come to this, Tanaka? Was the fate imposed on the Emperor of Child really that heavy? That gallant figure of yours couldn’t be looked at without laughter, you know? Rather, it couldn’t be looked at without tears, you know, Tanaka?
「I don’t quite get what is going on, but…. looks like you’ve gone wild to your heart’s content here. Part-time warrior.」
Perhaps subconsciously sensing that he had wasted his chance. Tanaka-san was raging with bubbling anger.
Along with his anger, a vast amount of energy clashed and sparked furiously between the two of them.
A former full-time worker and a part-time warrior – the darkness of the employment problem, the difference in treatment between the two, created by modern Japan.
Would Tanaka-san be able to solve this social problem and save Japan? There was no way he would!
