Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 95 Part 1.

The Secret of Invincibility
Two people were facing each other.
One was the man who carried numerous demons on his back and wished to change the world, Ganash.
The other was the man who got engrossed with the idea of connecting the oil floating in the soup and making it one, Tanaka.
Two great men couldn’t stand side by side, as the saying goes.
Truly a critical situation. Just as the curtain was about to be raised on the battle between the two men, it could be said to be promised for a beautiful woman to stop it.
「Wait…. I can still fight.」
Perhaps finally regaining her consciousness. The fallen down Imperial Princess Karin tried to rise. It was a secret only to Tanaka that-san that he sharp-sightedly checked her clothes for any dishevelment there and was relieved to find that it was not after the fact.
「Oioi, stop forcing yourself. Just leave the rest to me. To this me who will fight for you.」
I would like to note that he put emphasis on it as he said the ‘fight for you’ line here.
「For the sake of the Empire…, I can’t afford to be defeated. To protect the people of this country…, I will rise up as many times necessary.」
Tanaka sighed lightly at Karin’s words and responded in his signature good grief.
「You’re misunderstanding something here.」
「What?」
「It is true that power is necessary for a country, but the people of this country are not seeking for power or strength from you who are standing at the top. What they truly wish for is an attitude that can make them proud. With only showing that figure of yours, you are able to unite their hearts, this country as one. That’ll turn into the power of this country.」
「There’s no way that’s true. That’s not going to convince the people. Those standing at the top should not be allowed to get away with only something like that.」
「In that case, let me prove it to you. That there’s power in that noble figure you are displaying right now.」
.　Tanaka called Toby and sent Karin away. Toby shouldered the terribly enviable task of lending a shoulder to the Imperial Princess, but he had no leeway to think of such perks. Because he was under pressure of ‘If you do anything, I’ll sock you, alright?’ from Tanaka-san, which he sensed from his back.
「You’ve certainly fulfilled your duty. Because you’ve managed to make this soul of mine tremble, after all. Take a look, the power of the man that you have inspired.」
Toward the back of Imperial Princess who was departing the scene away while being lent a shoulder, Tanaka sent those words and similarly moved away.
「Don’t you think you should go to the medical center or something?」
「No, I’m sorry, but I’d like you to lend me your shoulder for a while longer. I want to watch it. This fight.」
Getting down from the arena, Karin chose to stay there in order to bear witness to this battle.
◇ ◇ ◇
In the meantime, speaking of Tanaka’s face, which couldn’t be seen from Karin’s side, his upper-lip was stretched borderline slovenly.
「Holy cow…, somehow, this situation seems to be going well. This is as good as settled already, right? The only possible development from here on is kyakya ufufu one. Kukuku, so this is the comfort of the winning side, huh.」
Such composure despite being in front of an enemy. What confidence. Everyone surely could also feel Tanaka’s growth from it.
「Is the farce over with that? I’d like for an opponent with a little more backbone, but it can’t be helped. I’ll have you be the tool for me to showcase my power. Do your best to hold out long enough for the audience to be able to properly sense my power.」
「Stop barking, big man. Lowly uncouth guy who can’t read the room, that ulterior motive of yours of trying to be popular by saying something seemingly fancy is truly pathetic, you know?」
Said Tanaka-san who didn’t read the room. At this, Big man-san grinned with a vein popping on his face.
「It seems that at least your mouth is pretty strong, little man. Just because you’re an entertainment tool, it doesn’t mean I won’t destroy you. Depending on the reaction of the audience, I may have to close this play with your death.」
「The tool of entertainment is you. This is a play for me to splendidly win and move toward the ending of Imperial Princess-chan going ‘So cool, embrace me!’, after all.」
「Looks like you’re just a fool. Want me to teach you that there are limits even to the generous me?」
「Yeah, got it, got it. I won’t use a weapon against an amateur, so don’t worry. If you’re also a man, stop dawdling around and talk with your fists.」
The conversation ceased at this point. On top of the arena, the two faced each other in silence. The first one to move was Ganash.
「I’ve changed my mind. I will kill you right this instant and display my power! Know that that foolish behavior of yours has given birth a reign of terror!」
Ganash closed in on Tanaka with swiftness that was unbelievable for his large body. Even Yashichi, who was watching from the spectator seat, was impressed by this speed.
「That’s quite the speed. I’ll give it to you what the strongest demon is like. However—」
Ganash unleashed a punch that could easily reap one’s life at Tanaka’s head. However, that attack killed nothing but the air. Ganash, who boasted high battle power even while being empty-handed, was about to calmly unleash the second punch, but his movement froze there.
「Impossible….」
Ganash had completely lost sight of Tanaka. And then, his word could be said to also represent all the spectators watching this battle.
「Wh, what’s going on here?!」
In the spectator seat, Torte leaked out these words that weren’t particularly aimed toward anyone. From the seat she was on, she could overlook the whole arena at once. However, even such her had lost sight of Tanaka.
「I wonder what’s going on….」
Even Mikoto couldn’t give an answer to this. She was aware of Tanaka’s beyond common sense strength, but that didn’t mean she could explain it.
「If you listen closely, you’ll get it. I’ve always had confidence in my speed, but I don’t think I could conceal my presence as perfectly as this.」
The one who answered as such was Yashichi. Just as he said, those who strained their ears could notice the echo of a noise they had never heard before.
◇ ◇ ◇
「… are you… here?」
On top of the arena, Ganash muttered as such while looking around his surroundings. That figure of him on guard in vigilance seemed like a different person than the man who had been brimming with fury until just a moment ago. He was also a first-class warrior. He had shifted his gear after this brief exchange. He experienced firsthand that the opponent he was dealing with was one that he couldn’t afford to let his guard down around.
「Are you implying that you’re so fast I can’t even see you? In that case I will just burn everything to the ground!」
Ganash’s body was engulfed in flames. Their tribe possessed the special ability of being able to control flames at will. Ganash jumped up and unleashed his fist toward the ground. Firepower that was enough to burn everything to the ground, as he claimed, was emitted from his fist.
The flames spread as they collided with the ground. Its firepower was so terrific, packed with enough force to engulf the whole arena in an instant and was close to rising up the audience.
However, the flames were strangely enough blocked at the edge of the arena. The ones that were presumably the cause of this were the mysterious devil figures that before they knew it had appeared in the four corners of the arena. Their true identity was the power that Tanaka had newly acquired, the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’. The fact they had increased by one was probably proof that the battle against the God of Destruction had brought about a great deal of growth in Tanaka. Including the new demon of ‘the vanity of continuing the conversation despite being unable to recall the name of the conversation partner’, for the ‘Great Sins Quartet Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta’ that had seen further perfection, blocking off flames was a trivial feat.
「What the hell is this?」
Ganash, who had landed on the ground, was wary of the mysterious devil figures that had blocked his flames. The flames were eventually extinguished, leaving only the four devil figures and Ganash in the arena.
◇ ◇ ◇
