Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 33 Part 2.

Seemingly worried about her, Aisa gently put a hand on Taisa’s shoulder. Aisa had already heard the report of the fortress garrison crossing paths with people who were presumably to be the Evil God during their retreat. She was also convinced that the spectacle in front of her was left there on purpose. As she gazed at the spectacular view, she thought back about the man who was no longer there by their side. As well as about what they ought to do from then on…
Aisa then proceeded to inform the people of the Alliance army regarding the matter related to the Evil God. It was a story that was already widespread in the Alliance in the form of rumors. However, it was the first time they had received an official statement pertaining to the Evil God. Aisa told them. About the Evil God who saved the Alliance army that was forced to the brink of annihilation by dragons… About the Evil God who foiled the wicked ritual that sacrificed those who participated in the final war… As well as, about the Evil God who stood up to the danger that was looming over the people of the western region….
「—He once told me this, Live on… And this time, all of us, the denizens of Western Region, were saved by him. He’s no longer here with us, but if he were here, I believe what he would have said to us were most like this. Live on…. In the wake of the long civil war, population has decreased, everyone is worn out, and the land has turned desolate. It is for this reason that we must work together to stay strong. I think that’s exactly what he expected from us.」
The previous relaxed atmosphere had disappeared somewhere. At the same time, a burning feeling was ignited within everyone in the Alliance army. Once Aisa’s speech was over, everyone let out cheers. It might have been the beginning of a new age for the Western National Alliance. Everyone there was seething with so much zeal which made them believe such.
The Alliance army began their preparation to retreat at once. Aisa was also moving to head toward the new age, but in the end she turned back for one last time. There laid a scar that had gouged deep into the land. Along with the thick smoke which was continuously rising out of said scar. Toward the benefactor who was probably somewhere beyond it all, she offered her gratitude.
「Thank you.」
◇ ◇ ◇
In the western part of the continent, there was a widely passed down tale of an Evil God. It was said that the Evil God did truly exist, and had saved the western region from the looming unprecedented crisis time and again. This Evil God expected nothing in return but for the people to live powerfully. It could be said that the reason why the Western region, which had been devastated by the long-lasting civil war, was miraculously able to recover in a short period of time was because of the strong influence of their belief in said Evil God.
Year 5964 of the creation calendar, summer, a new era was about to begin for the Western National Alliance.
◇ ◇ ◇
「Oioi, snap out of it already, alright? You still look pretty cool, and I mean it. Well, although not as cool as my muscles.」
Kaku-san paused and struck his signature side-chest pose.
「Everything else is trivial as long as you’re safe-degozaru. Can I touch that fluffy-looking hair of yours-degozaru?」
Suke-san was also striking the same pose next to him. And then, the one tottering alongside them was the afro Tanaka.
「… How could this happen to me? To think that this world is a place with such a terrifying law….」
The clash against angel Caramel. Followed by the destruction of the divine lance. Tanaka, who was caught in the powerful explosion of energy that occurred there, before he knew it, found himself with afro hair. Tanaka was terrified by this law, which had mysteriously led him to face such a predicament. And then, he was yet again reminded of the horror of the world first hand.
「Looks like I’ve underestimated the world. I thought I’ve grasped everything simply by unravelling one of the secrets of the world. Which led me into forgetting the fact that my power was only at the level that of a baby….」
Tanaka recalled. The battle against angel Caramel. About the time they were surrounded by light at the end. About the fact that during the time he was absorbed in his victory, before he noticed it, he suddenly found himself stupefied in the mountainous area a short distance away.
「At that time… If there had been a bump on the landing ground, I would have died….」
He’d tirelessly trained day and night, he’d also never slacked with his combat training, and yet at the end of the day, he ended up finding himself in such a disgraceful sight.
「I guess it was only nature that I ended up in such a state, huh. No, it could be said that I was lucky here….」
Tanaka self-deprecatingly mumbled to himself while staring at the silhouette of his afro hair on the ground. It was the pitiful sight of a man whose confidence, which had been built up up until now, had crumbled to nothingness.
「However, not yet. My spirit is not broken just yet. This country is my starting point. So it’s the best place to have a start over. No, from here on is the real beginning. Everything that has happened before was nothing but a trial run. From here on is the real stage.」
Tanaka vowed again. He vowed to lead a different world life filled with kyakya ufufu events with girls. Such soliloquy of Tanaka’s couldn’t in the least reach Suke-san and Kaku-san, who got their attention stolen by his afro hair.
Tanaka’s path of hardship would likely continue to unfold from then on. However, he would surely be able to overcome it all along with his reliable comrades. You could do it, Tanaka. Never give up, Tanaka.
Year 5964 of the creation calendar, summer, a new adventure for team Tanaka was about to begin in Purin Kingdom.
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 48                                 Experience: 3619/4900           Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 8.0e13/8.0e13            Magical energy: 1.3e14/1.3e14
Strength: 8.0e12                     Dexterity: 8.5e12                    Agility: 9.3e12
Intelligence: 1.2e13                 Spirit: 1.3e13
Skills: Sword (3.20) Magic (3.84) Believed One (10.00) Dragon Slayer (7.72) Spirit Master (4.11) Chanting Omission (1.66) Multiple Chanting (1.59) Grand Magic (0.00)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cape II
Money: 4522,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 43                                 Experience: 3105/2800           Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 709.00/709.00            Magical energy: 1195.00/1195.00
Strength: 370.00                     Dexterity: 362.00                    Agility: 516.00
Intelligence: 552.00                 Spirit: 562.00
Skills: Lance (3.62) Magic (3.61) Dragon Slayer (7.03) Believed One (7.09)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 65536.00/65536.00    Magical energy: 65536.00/65536.00
Skills: Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.03) Apostle (4.11) Believed One (6.40)
