Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 11 part 2.

Currently, he was leisurely absorbed in reading the magic book pertaining to the ninth-order magic in the inn.
「There sure is various basic attack magic… I wonder which one I should learn….」
The first magic that caught his eyes was Fireball. As the name implied, it was a magic which let you fire balls of fire to inflict burn damage. It wasn’t very effective against enemies covered by hard shells or that were resistant to fire. On the contrary, that would mean it was effective against enemies that were weak against fire. It wasn’t very attractive to Tanaka, however, who could already use Ignition for fire attacks.
Next was Ice ball. Unlike Fireball, the physical impact of the ice was its main damage source. However, in the end it was still nothing but ice, so it wouldn’t do much damage against sturdy enemies. It was effective against enemies that were weak to water, but it wasn’t very attractive to Tanaka as he could already use Water, he could simply spray it on his opponent in a punishment game-like manner, and then made his escape in the meantime.
And then there was Wind Blade, which was quite attractive. It might be called wind, but in nutshell it was sort of like
kamaitachi
. Its drawback was its short range, but it seemed to possess quite a great firepower. It seemed to be not a good match against sturdy enemies, but the invisible attack made it seem like a hidden technique, which stirred Tanaka’s chuunibyou soul. However, on the contrary, this was also fatal to the current Tanaka. It wasn’t possible to confirm the control since it was invisible, so it was a hard magic in terms of training.
Finally, Stone ball. It was magic that allowed you to throw out stones, and was mostly of physical attack, even though it was called magic. Even against sturdy enemies, it could still inflict damage to an extent from the impact. It wasn’t very effective against incorporeal or fluid enemies. Although it was unassuming, it was a good option considering Tanaka’s current cards in hand.
After thinking about it for a while, he decided to contract Stone ball.
「Fufufu, next is treatment type magic. Those are very important magic for me, as my top priority is my safety.」
He contracted healing magic, which treated physical wounds, and recovery magic, which treated diseases, poisons and other abnormal statuses.
The healing magic was still at basic level and seemed to only have meager effect. The recovery magic was also still at basic level and didn’t seem to be effective on paralysis or petrification.
Nevertheless, the sense of security was worlds apart between having and not having them. It might also be a good idea to store a large number of magic potions in the item box, such as recovery and healing potions, in case magic wasn’t potent enough.
However, a problem appeared here.
「Come to think of it, I’ve never gotten sick or injured ever since I came to this world…. Kuh, what a trap. My safety-first principle has backfired me here. It’s necessary to get sick or injured to practice these magic. However! I don’t want to go through such pain and suffering. I don’t want to put myself in danger in the first place, as that would be contrary to my creed where I’ll go home once I’m satisfied with knocking on the stone bridge. Gunununu… Hmm? As expected of me. I’ve got a good idea. Kukukuku… sacrifices are necessary in the path to reach the truth of magic…. Echigoya, I’m going to stop being a human…. Kukukuku.」
The next day, Tanaka put on a winter robe and headed to the hot spring resort.
The resort was devastated by the dragon attack and was left in a disastrous state.
Numerous people were left injured and some were even physically disabled, making it difficult for them to live a decent life.
Tanaka approached an old man who was cowering in front of a ruined building, injured.
The old man seemed lethargic and showed no reaction to his presence at all. Tanaka casted healing magic and then pulled out a small amount of food from the item box before turning away to leave the place.
「Fufufu, that’s your reward for cooperating with my experiment. Feel free to keep it. But still, so this is the power of healing magic, huh. Good, it’s a lot faster than using potions. Alright, let’s continue to hone this skills.」
As he continued to go around and repeatedly conduct his experiment, before he knew it, a rumor began to spread.
If Echigoya were to find out that he was going around experimenting magic on people, it might turn into a big problem, so he decided to continue doing it while being careful not to reveal his true identity.
As he continued giving people treatment in such a manner, he was suddenly spoken to by a certain subject of experiment.
「Thank you, Uncle! Who in the world are you, uncle? Where do you come from?」
He’d been away without giving his subjects a chance to talk to him, but perhaps he got a little careless since his subject this time was only a child.
He felt that saying anything would be dangerous there, so, in a bind, Tanaka involuntarily averted his gaze.
It was impossible for such an innocent child to notice that Tanaka was actually thinking about how troublesome the situation had turnout out. The child then turned their gaze in the direction where Tanaka was gazing at. There stood the magnificent mountain ranges separating Haru Empire and Purin Kingdom.
◇ ◇ ◇
Nishi town, located in the northern part of the western region of the Haru Empire. In a slightly remote location into the mountain, there was a hot spring resort, which was bustling all year round, where numerous hot springs gushing out. The hot spring resort had no particular name, and it was under the jurisdiction of Nishi town.
At the end of the year 5963 of the creation calendar, a major event occurred in this bustling hot spring resort: a dragon attack. It was a huge disaster where a dragon destroyed and set ablaze numerous buildings, resulting in numerous casualties.
In the wake of the disaster, led by the guild in the Nishi town, they did their best to reconstruct the resort, but due to a lack of manpower, the situation was quite grave.
It was then that a mysterious figure appeared, wearing a robe and hiding his face. The personage would show up in front of the people who were injured in the incident, treated them free of charge, and even spared some food for them.
The treatment was nothing short of an act of God, as it could even instantly treat the severely injured people who had been lying in wait for nothing but death.
Everyone wanted to know who this personage was, but their identity remained unknown as they were very elusive.
At a certain day, however, a rumor began to spread as a certain child managed to address this personage. This personage was apparently from the mountain ranges.
A personage who possessed Godly power and came from the mountain ranges, where it was said that a miracle had recently occurred. Rumor began to spread that the god of the mountain ranges had decided to give salvation to the resort by manifesting themselves into a human form, as they took pity on the suffering of the people there due to the dragon.
The god treated numerous injured people who were in a state where they could do nothing but wait silently for help, as there was a shortage of manpower, in only a short amount of time, and then left without even waiting for their gratitude.
The people of the resort were deeply grateful to this God, and with the help of the guild, the resort’s reconstruction was underway.
Year 5964 of the creation calendar, Winter, as the reconstruction of the hot spring town was underway, and the hectic works of the Nishi town guild were beginning to slow down, a group of fearless warriors were gathering in the land to seek the title of Dragon Slayer.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 20             Experience: 658/2000     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.4e13/3.4e13     Magical energy: 4.4e13/4.4e13
Strength: 3.4e12         Dexterity: 3.2e12         Agility: 3.2e12
Intelligence: 4.4e12         Spirit: 4.4e12
Skills: Sword (2.03) Magic (1.39) Believed One (1.38)
Equipment: Sword, Thick clothing
Money: 3625,000G
