Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 92 Part 2.

Then, a new problem emerged. It was about the elite force of the demon hardliners, but no particular solution could be found. The Haru Empire had always been a country that was tolerant of demons. On top of it, given the fact that they were allowed to participate in the tournament festival from now on, the number of demons in the Imperial Capital had swelled up at the moment. If they were to blend in among them, discovering them would be difficult, while neutralizing them would be nothing short of impossible. All that could be done was hope that they were hiding somewhere else, occupying a certain town somewhere. If they did, the country could simply take action and settle it. In this case, there would surely be some sacrifices, but the possibility of it being better than something occurring in the current Imperial Capital was high.
Thus, as they were still unable to take any effective measures against the demon hardliners, the Imperial Tournament Festival proceeded.
At times, he joined the hot blooded men in booing the Knight of Rose. At other times, he played around with Nikumen, whom he met by chance, deepening their friendship. And then, he frequently went to visit Echigoya, striving for a new family with everything he’d got. Truly an excitement worthy of the main tournament of a tournament festival.
In the midst of all this, a piece of news that surprised the world came up. Princess Lala of the Purin Kingdom was visiting the Imperial Capital. It was said that the figure of the Kingdom’s hero was also present along with her.
There was an announcement that stated that it was to build a new relationship between the two countries that had been on bad terms, but the people had no way of knowing what kind of discussions had actually taken place between the two countries. It was just, seeing the figure of Princess Lala spectating the tournament festival from the dignitary’s seat, the people of the Empire were delighted, as the hopes for a peaceful future was growing.
And then, as the drama known was the tournament festival reached its climax, that man finally stepped onto the stage.
「You are!」
Imperial Princess Karin, who had already stepped onto the arena, couldn’t help but exclaim at the appearance of a familiar face.
「Phew, I’ve come to visit Echigoya-san almost every day, but in the end we never got to meet each other, didn’t we? However, for us to meet on such a big stage, I’m sure you have also felt that there’s a predestined something between the two of us. That’s why, like that as such Adulterous relationship please.」
That was right, it was finally the long-awaited appearance of our protagonist, Tanaka-san. His Afro hair was asserting itself as if to say,
I’ve expected as much
.
「You there! You’re just a hanger on, aren’t you?! Hurry up and step out of the arena!」
Being warned by a fierce-looking official, Tanaka dejectedly stepped down the stage.
「The tension sure has plummeted at once, mine I mean. Please take this seriously.」
What awaited Tanaka when he got off the stage was Toby’s cold remarks. That was right, Tanaka had volunteered to be Toby’s second in this final stage.
「You fool. This is a plan. Strategy! With this, Imperial Princess-chan is surely crazy about me now. Be sure to make a good use of this opportunity.」
「No absolute way! Rather, it’s more like her battle power has increased due to anger!」
As expected of the genius strategist, Tanaka. His crispness was getting more and more hot as well today.
「Calm down. I hope you’ve properly engraved the plan for today in your head.」
「Haa…. I got it, alright? Ability-wise she is the superior one. So I have to go with a swift attack the moment the battle begins, that’s it, right?」
「You’re wrong! When the match is over, secure a date promise for Imperial Princess-chan and me, didn’t I tell you about it before?」
「Just go home already!」
As the heartwarming routine of Toby and Tanaka unfolded at the side of the arena, a girl who was watching it from the spectators’ seats let out a sigh.
「What in the world is he doing…? I know that he’s amazing, but I do think he should act a little more seriously.」
「Looks like you still need to train your eyes for people more. That was him deliberately acting like a clown to relieve Toby’s tension. He’s such a dependable man as usual.」
Mikoto and Yashichi. The two heroes were watching the final battle of the tournament festival.
By the way, the night Tanaka caught sight of Mikoto coming as reinforcement from Nanashi town. Tanaka soaked his pillow with tears. It was because accomplishing the mixer event without being discovered by Hero-chan, his wife candidate, could be said to be as good as hopeless. What in the world would happen with the mixer? Would the harem dream ever come true?
「I see, that means it’s also part of his strategy, huh. I also had to go through the wringer due to his trickery, after all. Good grief, what a sly person he is.」
「…..」
For some reason the Knight of Roses was seated next to Yashichi. He was unleashing a truly high quality good grief. Moreover, next to him, Nikumen showed a silent thumbs up toward Toby. This must have made Toby feel like he had also received a million reinforcements. If he noticed it, that was it.
「In the end, they didn’t make any moves during the tournament, huh. Well, if today is over without any problem, that is.」
「Please be at ease, young miss. This Eclair. If anything were to happen, I shall become your sword and bring down your enemies, young miss.」
And then there was Torte, who was vigilantly staring at the arena, and Éclair, who never forgot to make appeals while flushing. This beautiful girl and beautiful woman duo being the center of attention of their surroundings was just a usual occurrence, but today it was obvious that the reason they were becoming the center of attention was due to the maid’s afro hair. Torte’s slightly seemingly embarrassed expression was proof of this.
「Eclair, stay away from me for a bit today.」
「No way!」
Despite this and that, with various thoughts jumbling up, the final of the tournament festival was about to begin.
