Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 91 Part 1.

Prophecy
The blue sky that at a glance seemed uneventful. However, as if to express that something was occurring, unusual sounds were reverberating in the sky. It was proof that a fierce battle was unfolding in the stretched out flow of time.
Two monsters were freely flying through the sky in the world that had almost come to a halt.
『–You won’t be able to defeat me simply by running away, you know?』
「Back at you, you can’t win against me if you can’t catch me, can you?」
In a battle where both sides were interfering with time, their original speed came into play. Tanaka didn’t allow the incarnation of Destruction to get close to him with overwhelming speed. However, just as the incarnation of Destruction said, it was true that Tanaka would not be able to win if he didn’t deal any effective damage.
「Take it. Judgment of the sky! The Lament of the Stars – Meteor Fall.」
After taking some distance, Tanaka began to attack once again. Just like before, large stones flew toward the incarnation of God of Destruction.
『What a futile effort.』
No different than the previous time, the incarnation of Destruction ignored the large stones and continued to pursue Tanaka. In fact, this attack proved to be no obstacle at all, as the large stones vanished as soon as they got into contact with the incarnation’s body. And then, what the incarnation of Destruction saw the moment it passed through the large stones was–.
「Return to Nothingness– The moment of demise – The End of Scene.」
It was the embodiment of contradiction, a jet-black light. It was a blade of flame imbued with the power of God. Brandished by Tanaka, this blade swooped down at once.
It could be said to be the first time in this battle that the incarnation of Destruction had shown a reaction. It attempted to evade Tanaka’s attack, but unable to dodge the surprise attack from Tanaka, who was superior in speed, its body was splendidly bisected from shoulder down.
『You…, you used the power, huh. However—』
The blade of light wielded by Tanaka had already returned to the usual blue light. It was still nonetheless a blade imbued with extraordinary energy, but in such a state, there was no meaning in unleashing any following attack toward the incarnation of Destruction.
『Looks like it’s not as if you’ve mastered it.』
As if being attracted toward each other, the bisected body of the incarnation of Destruction reverted to its original state. For sure he had managed to deal damage, but it appeared to be not enough to settle the battle.
「It’s only just begun! Bring it on!」
Barrages of large stones rained down once again. Tanaka flew about in all directions, concealing in the shadows and looking for an opportunity to attack.
There was a need to concentrate for Tanaka in order to wield the power of God. He didn’t need that much time, but in this high-level battle, that little time could cost him his life. And then, he couldn’t maintain the manifestation of the power of God for long. In order to compensate for these shortcomings, Tanaka adopted the strategy of evading his opponent’s eyes and attacking by surprise.
『How pretentious—』
As light spheres appeared one after another around the incarnation of Destruction, they were fired all at once towards the large stones. The moment the light spheres and the large stones came into contact with each other, the negative energy eroded the whole large stones in an instant, causing them to disappear. In the blink of an eye, the large stone smoke screen that Tanaka had created was nullified. However–.
「Got you!」
Tanaka, who had skittered around toward the rear of the incarnation of Destruction, commenced his attack. The promised fictional cliche of letting out a yell in spite of it being a surprise attack. And then, the performer soul of choosing the line that held a high probability of failure. It was such a gallant figure that couldn’t be seen without tears.
On the other hand, as if to protect itself, the incarnation of destruction created a semi-transparent shield. As soon as the jet-black blade touched this field, the two similarly disappeared.
The moment he saw this outcome, Tanaka swiftly took a distance away.
『Are you messing with me?』
Was this remark pointed toward Tanaka’s act in the previous surprise attack that didn’t serve as one?
「…Hmph, did you think I missed the surprise attack on a whim? Back at you, how about you cease messing around already? It may be true that I’m always particular about appearance, and I won’t deny that I put a lot of effort into presentation. I have even been called Mr. Dandyism for a long time now, but ever since I was born, I’ve never pulled my punch in a fight even once! Know that all of my action is based on a winning formula.」
Tanaka sternly declared in a cool pose. It was unknown when and who called him Mr. Dandyism, but without a doubt the current him was brimming with unanimous coolness.
Nevertheless, what a truly surprising fact that the figure that appeared comical, which he had displayed in this battle up until now, was actually all a calculated strategy.
It definitely wasn’t as if in response to the previous words of the incarnation of Destruction, finally coming to realize the embarrassment of his actions that he couldn’t understand its particular meaning no matter how much he thought about it, he ended up coming up with an appropriate excuse. And the fact that he seemed to speak a little too fast and sounded like an excuse was surely just your imagination.
「Now then, I’ve gotten to see enough about how to wield the power of God, so let me show you what I have next. The new power this me have obtained!」
High density magical energy radiated from Tanaka’s body.
「Bang Drawers Toe—」
The air trembled at the manifestation of this enormous energy.
「Paper Non non—」
The high energy surrounded the incarnation of Destruction.
「Here come Leg cramp!」
The high density magical energy that had reached the critical point finally materialized–.
「The Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta.」
Three lights surrounded the incarnation of Destruction. Their true identity were the figures of fiends that represented the three great devils. The hamster figures, standing on two legs in wild poses, threatened to knock all who saw them into the mire of fear. The reason for the slight difference in their poses was their representation of ‘the grief you felt when you hit your little toe on the corner of the dresser,’ ‘the despair that came when you noticed that there was no paper when you did your business,’ and ‘the wailing that echoed when you woke up with a cramped leg’. As expected of Tanaka-san, the holder of record scoring three out of five in arts and crafts wasn’t just for show.
