Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 90 Part 2.

「Stop joking with me…. There are no ghosts in this world…. Didn’t I tell you that it’s all a phenomenon caused by plasma?!」
Now was not the time to be talking about such a thing, you know, Tanaka. I could understand why you, Tanaka-san, the chosen little man among the little men, couldn’t accept something as terrifying as ghosts. I painfully understood why you, an adherent believer of ghost plasma theory, would be enraged due to such a result, but you ought to concentrate more on the fight here, Tanaka-san.
In fact, with this the danger of the incarnation of Destruction was proved. At a glance, it might seem like they were passing through it, but in actuality the rain of large stones was extinguished one after another the moment they got into contact with the incarnation’s body. They vanished into nothingness akin to an ice that melted and evaporated upon contact with a high temperature object. The incarnation’s hands that were looming over in an attempt to capture Tanaka were undoubtedly dangerous attacks.
Tanaka was forced to focus on evading again.
「Damn it! Y, you! Scaring me with psychic phenomena…. You’re such a human scum!!」
Calm down, Tanaka. It was not a person, and neither a ghost.
The incarnation of Destruction might have not intended it, but it had obtained an overwhelming advantage in psychological warfare. And even essentially, it would be no exaggeration to say that the incarnation of Destruction had dominated the battle. It was as if the outcome of this battle had been decided since the beginning.
First of all, the first action. It easily escaped from Tanaka’s levitation magic, but it wasn’t like it utilized some sort of magical defense or something. It was as if the magic itself had turned nonexistent. With the power of a God that enabled one to create something from nothingness, and return something to nothingness, something like it would surely have been nothing short of child’s play.
And then, after that. It might seem like they were equal in speed, but in fact Tanaka was overwhelmingly faster. Even so, the reason it turned into an even match was due to the incarnation of Destruction being aware of how to utilize the power of God. The incarnation of Destruction had interfered with this world, with its flow of time. No matter how fast Tanaka could move, by manipulating time, his advantage would be virtually nonexistent.
Finally, Tanaka’s attack magic was also effortlessly eliminated with the power of God.
This battle had been a contest of the power of God and magic from the beginning to this point. No matter how much of an enormous power it was, it was nullified by the power of God, it was such an unreasonable battle where it would unilaterally be annihilated the moment they got into contact. With this, Tanaka having no chance of victory was only a matter of course.
One possessing overwhelming speed and one interfering with time. From a third party’s point of view, the attack and defense between the two sides was nothing but an instant occurrence. However, in that short span of time, the outcome of this high-level battle was decided. The main cause for all of this lay in Tanaka’s lack of understanding of the power of God.
The incarnation of Destruction performed time interference that would become the finishing blow. In the end, as an incarnation, there was a limit to the power this being could wield. This was why as it continued to gradually interfere with the world, the constraint, namely time that was surrounding it, was getting loose. And then, from the perspective of the incarnation of Destruction, it could be said that at the moment the world was almost at a suspended state. The impossible phenomenon of being able to act normally in a world where time had stopped. What made it possible was the power of God.
The incarnation of Destruction slowly moved toward Tanaka. It was something that even Tanaka, who possessed beyond the norm power, could not perceive. The incarnation of Destruction took a stance with his sword hand and, as if to reap his head, swung out his arm–.
However, as if the world had switched, the target disappeared from the sight of the incarnation of Destruction.
「–I see. So this is the way Gods fight, huh.」
The incarnation of Destruction slowly turned around. There was the figure of Tanaka who was folding his arms with a smug face.
「I’d like to say that it was something amazing, but…, interfering with time in a high-level battle is something natural. Well, it’s a common sense for us otaku.」
How terrifying, Japanese otakus. Just how much knowledge had they stored up? For sure there were mufufu images stored up in their hard drive.
Leaving that side, the battle was not over yet.
「I might have gotten too impatient, but for me to fall into such a trap, looks like I still have a long way to go.」
The fact he unleashed such a promised good grief was perhaps the manifestation of his composure. However, it did not necessarily mean that he had escaped the crisis yet.
As long as it was a phenomenon of this world, it was possible to interfere with time even without the power of God. Tanaka had only managed to escape the crisis with Grand Magic for the time being. The training he had undergone on the way to the Imperial Capital had not gone to waste, but Tanaka, who was yet able to wield the power of God freely, was at a disadvantageous position.
「This is also a good opportunity. Let’s have you thoroughly teach me the way Gods fight.」
The potential of humans that the God of Creation believed. Would Tanaka be able to master the power of God? And would Tanaka be able to overcome this teacher?
