Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 32 Part 3.

The moment she shouted that, light glowed from all over Angel Caramel’s body. It was the sign of her releasing the power of the divine lance. Even for someone as powerful as angel Caramel, she was unable to control all of the power of God imbued in the divine lance. However, right now, in the face of a monster that surpassed her imagination, she had no choice but to draw out this mighty power that was beyond the limits of what she could control. The passing through power soon gradually eroded angel Caramel’s body, but she nonetheless had braced herself for it the moment she decided to release this power.
「I will defeat you with this power!」
Angel caramel turned into a gigantic light and charged at Tanaka. In response, Tanaka also unleashed Ignition to confront her. As their powers collided with each other, the space trembled. The power of their attacks was about equal.
「Hahaha! See, you can do it, after all. Now this is getting interesting!」
Tanaka was intoxicated by the fantastic clash of powers. He was operating in full throttle Chuunibyou mode as usual, but something unusual was actually taking place inside of him.
The fact that Tanaka actually possessed overwhelming power was something that a part of the readers had vaguely, no, casually, not it either, more or less realized about. However, most likely there was no reader out there who had realized that Tanaka himself actually possessed the power which enabled him to subconsciously control this overly overwhelming power within him.
Normally, Tanaka subconsciously controlled his power precisely so as not to interfere with his daily life. You over there, you were most likely thinking, ‘in that case, isn’t he too broken then?,’ right? The answer was, yes, you were totally right. However, it could also be said that you were sorely mistaken about something related to Tanaka. Tanaka was a coward. If you were wondering just how much of a cowardly person he was, he was as cowardly as he could get.
What if he was suddenly attacked by bandits? What if he was hit by oncoming magic? What if there were bumps on the ground? If such questions ever crossed your mind, the answer was he’d be forced to release a bit more power to some extent compared to what he usually did.
And right now, the beast slumbering within Tanaka’s subconscious was about to awaken. The trigger was the divine lance in front of him. The beast sensed this released power that was pointed toward it. At this rate, things would get dangerous… it thought. If the lance were somehow managed to land an attack, it might feel hurt….
Thus, the beast began to make its move. The beast hamster, which slumbered within Tanaka, coolly jumped on the provided wheel and began running frantically with tears streaming down its eyes. The wheel continued to spin. And the limiters were released one after another. Tanaka was about to undergo a meaningless awakening right now.
The first to notice this unusual phenomenon was Kaku-san. He, who had been unleashing magic one after another toward the giants, was suddenly startled to find out that the backup magical energy provided by Tanaka had suddenly grown to an abnormal degree. There, he was so surprised that he spontaneously turned into his human form.
「What?! What the hell is going on here?」
He then involuntarily looked up to the heavens. There floated angel Caramel, wielding the divine lance whose divine power had been released. However, the problem was Tanaka, who was releasing power enough to overshadow even such power of hers.
「That bastard…, what in the world is he trying to do? Suke-san!」
Perhaps sensing that things would get dangerous at this rate, Kaku-san immediately sprang into action.
「That Tanaka, he seems to be intending to do something! At this rate we might get caught up in the mess. So let’s hurry up and get out of here!」
Suke-san promptly looked up at Tanaka in the sky in response to Kaku-san’s cry. It was true that the situation brewing over there seemed to be on a totally different level.
「Will Tanaka-dono be alright-degozaru?」
「Well, no matter what happens, I’m sure that guy will get through it somehow.」
「Yes, that’s right-degozaru.」
Right after reaching such a conclusion, Kaku-san reverted back to his spirit form and landed on Suke-san’s head. At the same time, he also stacked Suke-san with another layer of support magic. Normally, stacking a support magic on top of another wouldn’t increase its effect. It would simply replace the effect anew, and extend its duration. However, that wasn’t the case with them this time. It was because the power of Kaku-san’s magic had increased due to Tanaka releasing his power. Suke-san, whose power was strengthened even further than before, turned into a light that cut the battlefield apart as they fled the place. The unlucky giants that were in their surroundings were all annihilated by the shockwave. As the two managed to escape the scene in such a way–
The situation in the sky had clearly changed. Their powers, which were once evenly matched, were gradually becoming one-sided. Angel Caramel was being pushed back by Tanaka’s power.
「What the hell is this… What the hell are you….」
In the face of such an overwhelming power which threatened to even numb her senses, angel Caramel involuntarily leaked out such words. To her words, Tanaka was–
「Give in and submit to me. I’m sure you’ve also realized it, don’t you? That the more I release my power, the weaker you become.」
With a smug look on his face, Tanaka proceeded to advise her to surrender. In reality, angel Caramel was still releasing the power of the divine lance. However, as Tanaka’s released power was on a completely different level compared to hers, it was inevitable that Tanaka one-sidedly felt as such.
And then, they finally reached their limit at last. The divine lance, which had been releasing its divine power, cracked all over its body. At the same time, angel Caramel’s mind went blank. Before then falling unconscious. The divine lance, on the other hand, burst into pieces along with a beautiful sound like that of shattering glass. The two energy that had accumulated in their clashes up until now was then transformed into energy of explosion following the destruction of the divine lance.
「Hahahaha! O world. You can no longer stop me from grasping to the truth! At long last, my harem—」
There, light suddenly engulfed the two. The light continued to expand and engulfed the fortress, engulfed the giants, and continued to spread to the surrounding mountains.
This was how the Majide Fortress, along with its surrounding regions, turned into nothingness.
