Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 2 part 2.

Tanaka was excited about this fantasy-like event. However, a question arose right after as to whether it was possible for him, who came from another world, to do it as well. The General answered that question of Tanaka’s.
「Well, in this world, there’s this so-called blessing of the God of Creation. So, given the fact that you’ve come to this world, most likely you’ve also formed a contract with this world. And the fact that you can communicate properly is the best proof of that. However, I honestly find it more surprising that you and the rest of the otherworld people managed to live well in your world without some sort of blessings.」
The General, who was an inhabitant of this world, replied and expressed that he found the environment on Earth to be more unbelievable. However, Tanaka turned a deaf ear at the General’s opinion. He could no longer contain his excitement and asked.
「So! How do I do it?!」
Tanaka leaned forward and pressed the General. The General didn’t seem to be perturbed by Tanaka’s action, and simply replied.
「Well, if you focus your mind and think that you want to check your personal information, I think you should be able to do it.」
Right away, Tanaka began to try it out as the General instructed. He was brimming with excitement.
「Alright! Focus, focus! Come! O dark knowledge enclosed in me! The time has finally come to reveal your existence.」
Perhaps having his excitement reached a critical point, his chuunibyou went on a rampage. Cringe lines began to slip out of Tanaka’s mouth.
「What are you talking about…」
In contrast to the excited Tanaka,though, the General was exasperated. Ignoring him, while feeling a peculiar sensation unlike ones he’d ever felt before, Tanaka checked his personal information.
「Oh! I think I know it! I know it! Hahahaha!」
Tanaka was overflowing with excitement. The General calmly called out to such a Tanaka.
「Then, care to share with me the stats value stated in that information? That way, we can determine whether you’re truly a hero or not.」
Dragged back to reality at the General’s words, Tanaka began confirming his personal information.
「Very well! Ufufufu, don’t be surprised, alright? First of all, the name is Tanaka! Huh, why is it only Tanaka?! Where has Taro gone to?!」
Tanaka, still in high spirits, retorted so to the world.
「Well, it’s that right? When I said that Tanaka suited you better, you acknowledged it. I think that was when your name was established.」
Replied the General casually, without a hint of remorse whatsoever.
「So it’s your fault huh, Old man! Well, I did acknowledge it, so it’s also partly my fault, though. Hmm, well, Tanaka is also fine, either way.」
Tanaka retorted to the General. However, after calming himself down a little, he pulled himself together and read out loud the next in line.
「Level 1!」
「Well, I suppose that’s only a matter of course. Hero or not, everyone has to start from level 1, after all.」
The General’s showed a lukewarm reaction.
「Experience 0/100!」
「The same as others.」
Unlike the excited Tanaka, the General continued to respond nonchalantly.
「Vitality and Magical energy 1.0e13!」
「Wut?」
He had been responding calmly up to that point, however, the General had to put a stop to it and let out a strange voice here.
「Like I said, Vitality and Magical energy 1.0e13!」
「Hey, wait! What’s with that ‘e’ thing?」
「It’s the ‘e’ as in the alphabet!」
「What the heck is that? Why is such a thing mixed in there?!」
「Like hell I know! It’s somehow appeared there, so there’s nothing I can do about it… hmm? I feel like I’ve seen this kind of number somewhere before, what was it again?」
They both got agitated and shouted at each other, but there Tanaka suddenly lost in thought about something. However, he couldn’t seem to remember anything regarding such numbers which he felt he’d seen somewhere before.
「Well, how should I put it, you did come to this world under abnormal circumstances, after all. So I think this is a kind of side effect caused by it.」
The General regained his composure and proposed a reasonable answer.
「Huh? You’re definitely implying that not in a good meaning, aren’t you?」
Tanaka, who was excited about the other world-ish fantasy event, got his excitement cooled down a bit.
「Well, the numbers are without a doubt there, so let’s just ignore that ‘e’ thing and take the numbers alone as the real value.」
The General wanted to proceed with the conversation, thus he proposed such an idea.
「Got it then. Vitality and Magical energy 1.013!」
「…..」
When he heard this, the General stared at Tanaka with an indescribable look on his face.
「…. Wha, what’s it?」
Tanaka asked, and waited for the General’s response.
「That value, it’s on the same level as a baby, you know?」
Tanaka’s blazing excitement cooled down at once.
「The average values for average adult men are about 50… but well, what about the other ones?」
The General decided to check all of the information first, thus he urged Tanaka to continue. Tanaka replied in a subdued tone.
「Strength, Dexterity, Agility, Intelligence, Spirit 1.012…」
「… Their average values are normally 5, give or take. 8 or 9 for skilled people.」
「…..」
Tanaka sat quietly there with a hollow expression on his face. Seeing such a Tanaka, the General immediately added.
「By the way, Heroes’ Vitality and Magical Energy were averaged around 200, with the rest of the stats around 20 or above. However, the current Hero, that boy was especially outstanding. His Vitality and Magical energy were 400, while the rest of his stats were no less than 50.」
Suddenly, Tanaka stood up and howled to the heavens. The General simply gazed silently at his odd behavior.
「What the heck is that?! Isn’t that just unfair?! What the hell is this stats value of mine?! On the same level as a baby?! Are otherworld babies all monsters?」
Initially, Tanaka’s expectation of the other world was constantly rising. However, once it had reached its peak point, Tanaka was barraged with rows of unsavory news. The disappointment ought to be no less as great. And the anger that had been welling up inside of Tanaka finally erupted.
「Well, calm down a bit, okay? Or rather, that’s rude of you. The babies of this world are all ordinarily weak, you know? It’s more about you that’s too weak.」
The General tried to get Tanaka to cool down. However, Tanaka was still raging as hot.
「What the hell is that?! I’d thought that ‘
My time has finally come!
’ but in the end, it turned out to be ‘
The time for everyone except me is finally coming!
’. Or rather, I’m the only one who’s no good, huh! I see, so I’m the only one who’s no good, huh…」
Once his anger had fully erupted, he turned meek and feebly fell on his seat.
「Well, how should I put it, for the time being, how about we discuss about what to do from now on, and also about other matters, alright?」
Tanaka had fallen to the rock bottom, so the General had no choice but speak to him ever so gently.
Notes:
About Tanaka’s stats value, before you get yourself a calculator, let me give you a brief explanation. This explanation was supposed to be at chapter 9 and 10, but I’ve decided to put it here to avoid further trouble.
For you who know a bit about math or you who simply use a calculator, I’m sure you’ll get that 1.0e13 = 35. While that isn’t necessarily wrong, that isn’t the case here.
Here is the author’s intention of writing the stats value as such. Simply put, he intended 1.0e13 to be equal as 1.0×10^13 or 10,000,000,000,000
And here is the reason why he ended up writing it as such. It appeared that at that time the author didn’t know of ‘e’ as in euler/napier/natural/constant (however you call it) number. Long story short, he used a calculator app on the computer, and when he inputted a large number into it, it somehow displayed the number in such a format (X.XeXX).
Afterward, some of the readers pointed it out, and the author finally understood the mistake he made. However, as this matter; the number format; had been integrated into the story itself, he could no longer alter it, and decided to stick with it.
That’s it.
