Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 52 Part 2.

「 –Hmph! 」
Tanaka swung his great sword down from overhead with gusto. The tip of the sword stopped just shy away from the ground. At the same time, as if an explosion had occurred, the pressure of the sword raised a cloud of dust.
「 Oh! 」
Witnessing the scene, Suke-san shouted in surprise. Perhaps satisfied with such a reaction of his, Tanaka floated a fearless smile.
「 It was after the end of the Gods and Evil Gods War. One of the cursed swords whose overwhelming power was feared even by the Gods who had triumphed —The Cursed Sword of Ruin – Death Abiagette. The seal has yet to be completely broken, but it’s pretty cool as is, isn’t it? 」
Departing the village, Tanaka returned to the place where Suke-san and Kaku-san were waiting. He then immediately showed off his newly acquired weapon.
「 How nice-degozaru. I want to try exploring the town and village too-degozaru. 」
It seemed that Suke-san had misunderstood that there were many fun things to do in human settlements. He couldn’t hide his desire of wanting to settle down in a town. However, that was not the only reason for his misunderstanding.
Suke-san had yet to unveil his new equipment, the ‘White Mask that Laughs at the World – Heaven’s Scream’ and the ‘Illusory Illusionist – Infinite Magician’ in public. One of the reasons for this would be that he was inspired by the image of Tanaka strolling around town while carrying his new weapon.
「 Hmm…, it’s not that I don’t understand your feeling about wanting to take a look around the town, but…. This country is dangerous in a lot of ways, you see. 」
As expected even the dense-type protagonist Tanaka could keenly sense it. The prejudice, which could be said to be excessive, against demi-human that was widespread in the Purin Kingdom.
「 That’s why, please be patient until we return to the Empire. 」
「 … What a shame-degozaru. 」
Thus decided the postponement of the unveiling of Suke-san’s new equipment. He did not say this out of fear of unnecessary trouble. This matter ought to be made clear here for the sake of Tanaka-san’s honor. All in all, he was merely concerned for the safety of his comrades.
「 Hmph, stop getting carried away just because of new equipment. 」
And then, there was Kaku-san who was in a bad mood. Spirits couldn’t wear equipment. This matter must have left him with a complicated feeling as there seemed to be a distance between him and the two. Furthermore, for Kaku-san, who cared much about appearance, it must have been enviable as he watched the other two steadily improving their stylishness with new equipment.
「 Just because spirits can’t wear equipment, what are you sulking about…? No, wait a sec. Come to think of it, those jiggling apostles, while they have different labels than yours, they are also administrators of the world, right, Kaku-san? Why are they able to wear equipment then? 」
Tanaka finally realized this contradiction at this late of the game. Lightly leaping over the laid out foreshadowing, slipping on the ice that was laid out ahead, getting the back of his head smashing grandly on the ground, before finally noticing the foreshadowing, perhaps something along those lines. As expected, this man was a comedian at the core.
「 Hmm? Oh, her. She must have incarnated. Should she do, she’d be able to interfere with the law of nature, after all. Nevertheless, her power was supposed to weaken normally, so it was either her power that was simply monstrous from the beginning. Or perhaps the medium was simply that outstanding…. 」
「 In that case, why don’t you incarnate as well, Kaku-dono, that way you’d also be able to wear equipment-degozaru. 」
Perhaps thinking that the problem would be solved with this. Suke-san said with a seemingly happy expression, but Kaku-san replied, with a seemingly reluctant expression to the idea.
「 Please spare me from that. When you incarnate, your appearance may be affected a little, but you’d be dependent on the medium. And I don’t think there is even any medium that can satisfy me. 」
Above all, that side of him that cared about appearance more than anything was similar to that of Tanaka’s.
Tanaka, on the other hand, was eagerly wishing for the medium to be a beautiful woman. However, he didn’t express it out loud. It was probably none other than because he was worried about the safety of the person who would become the medium. It was definitely not because of selfish reasons, such as it would be troubling if, influenced by the incarnation, the beautiful woman had a moustache on her, or the ball of muscles turned into a woman instead. For sure there was no way Tanaka-san would ever entertain such reasons.
「 As the administrator of the world, it is not necessary for us to incarnate in the first place. As long as we can perform grand magic, that’s already good enough, after all. 」
「 In that case, does that mean that apostle has some sort of other purpose-degozaru? What may that purpose be-degozaru…? 」
Suke-san honestly expressed his doubt. The one who answered his question was Tanaka, who had struck his cool pose.
「 What else may it be? They want to control humans directly of course. No, that’s not all. They want to make everything in the world move at their biddings, something along those lines I guess. A power-obsessed supernatural being, there’s a limit of how typical they can get, though. 」
As expected of Tanaka-san. He easily saw through the enemy’s goal. Him watching an extensive number of anime and conquering countless video games weren’t just for show. And then, with a fearless smile on his face, he added.
「 However, as long as we continue to vie over the supreme throne, we won’t be able to avoid the clash against them. We should brace ourselves more than ever before. 」
At this moment where the enemies were nowhere in sight, he was acting strong to no end. Truly a man who loved to put on airs as usual.
「 That’s why, if you’re bound by the stereotype of ‘spirits can’t wear equipment,’ Kaku-san, you’ll be disqualified as the member of Team Tanaka. 」
Tanaka said while radiating air befitting a leader. He also didn’t forget to strike his new cool pose as he held the great sword.
「 Don’t forget that those pants of yours are something you materialize yourself. In that case, you should aim even higher and materialize what specialized weapon you want! I’d be troubled if you don’t have at least that much ambition. 」
「 Wha! 」
Kaku-san was shocked by the words of Tanaka, who said those with a smug look on his face.
「 Is this what they call a real genius…? Heh, I’m simply no match for you. 」
The grumpiness from earlier had mysteriously disappeared. And at the same time, from the bottom of his heart, he was glad that he had followed this man. He was a tsundere-san as usual.
After this, Kaku succeeded in materializing a rhythmic gymnastics ribbon. For sure there was no particular need to write about the fact that Tanaka-san fell to his knees and wailed in regret in front of Kaku-san, who was happily showing it off.
Hang in there, Tanaka. Don’t lose, Tanaka.
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 866 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.08e15/3.08e15 Magical energy: 6.78e15/6.78e15
Strength: 2.75e14 Dexterity: 2.82e14 Agility: 3.54e14
Intelligence: 5.16e14 Spirit: 5.95e14
Skills: Sword (4.42) Magic (10.00) Believed One (10.00) Dragon Slayer (7.74) Spirit Master (7.15) Chanting Omission (10.00) Multiple Chanting (10.00) Grand Magic (0.27) Creation and Destruction Boundary (-) Deceiver of the Abyss (-) Blunt Weapon (0.01)
Equipment: Signboard, Cool clothes, Black Cloak II
Money: 4842000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 866 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 24291/24291 Magical energy: 43667/43667
Strength: 10342 Dexterity: 10081 Agility: 16808
Intelligence: 15603 Spirit: 15894
Skills: Lance (10.00) Magic (7.40) Dragon Slayer (7.05) Believed One (9.20) Chanting Omission (2.09) Multiple Chanting (2.05)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe, White Mask, Magic Gloves
Money: 100000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 524288/524288 Magical energy: 524288/524288
Skills ： Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (3.11) Apostle (7.15) Believed One (8.51)
