Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 18 part 2.

「…. It’s useless. I am a spirit. Spirits are like the embodiment of magic. The reason we could continue to exist was because there was a core in our bodies which generated magical energy. However, that single lance strike just a moment ago had destroyed my core. So once the magical energy in this body runs out, I will disappear.」
The woman showed a resigned smile as she explained her own situation to Tanaka.
「You’re a spirit, you say? … No, that’s not important right now. If you don’t have enough magical energy, how about this then. Mana transfer!」
Tanaka’s magical energy flowed into the woman. Then the hole in the woman’s chest began to gradually close up.
「Oh, it’s closing up-degozaru!」
Before he noticed it, Suke-san had already caught up to him, and was surprised to see the wound being restored. But just when they thought it was closing up, the hole began to gradually widen up again.
「Guh! Not good enough, huh?!」
Tanaka was frustrated by his own lack of power. However, the woman stared at Tanaka in surprise.
「This magical energy…. Just who in the world are you?」
「I’m just a passing, powerless magician.」
He replied with a cool air, but lacked his usual vigor. The woman stared at such a Tanaka with a serious expression on her face.
「I have a favor to ask you. I’d like to ask you to look after the spirits I’ve employed. If it’s you, I’m sure you will be able to do it.」
She stated her wishes quickly and briefly. She herself must have sensed that she was running out of time.
「Employing a spirit… you say?」
Those fascinating words, which suddenly came out of the air, made Tanaka forget about the ensuing situation in an instant. At the moment, numerous things swelled up inside of Tanaka.
「The knowledge of the spirit that has lived for a long time will surely be useful to you. In return, I’d like to ask you to use your power to protect this child.」
The two stared at each other with serious expressions. Eventually, Tanaka resolved himself.
「Very well. After my own safety, I’ll take good care of it.」
The woman smiled when she heard Tanaka’s words, as if thinking that he purposely told her in such a joking manner. She then took Tanaka’s hand and grasped it tightly.
「I’ll be leaving the rest to you then.」
His held hand was enveloped in light. Eventually, the light floated up by itself. The woman spoke gently to the floating light.
「You should follow this man.」
The light trembled as though making a nodding gesture. Upon ascertaining that action, the woman showed a relieved expression, even as her body disappeared into nothingness. A moment of silence unfolded on the scene for a while. The light continued to float fluffily by Tanaka’s side. Suke-san was unsure of what to do, as he simply stood there in silence.
「… I forgot to ask her name.」
As if he couldn’t stand the silence any longer, Tanaka squeezed out those words.
「But then again, it happened so suddenly, so it was quite a surprise to me.」
He’d begun to talk it out, so the mood began to turn brighter.
「You’re right-degozaru. But still, what are we going to do about this floating light-degozaru?」
The light was still fuzzily floating around Tanaka.
「Hmm, indeed, at its current state, it’ll surely catch a lot of attention. I wonder if there’s anything we can do about it.」
While Tanaka was pondering about it, the light floated in front of him and shook somewhat.
「What?! Personification… you say?」
Apparently the light and Tanaka could more or less communicate with each other.
「… Here it comes! … Finally, the template event is coming!」
Tanaka was overcome with excitement. Suke-san was staring in a daze, unaware of what was going on. After making a round around such a Suke-san while dancing happily, full of vigor, he spoke to the floating light.
「Very well, come! Go ahead! Bring it on!」
Tanaka’s excitement was at an all-time high. The beautiful woman, who was a spirit, who disappeared just a moment ago. The child who was entrusted by her. He could already see kyakya ufufu future ahead of him.
The light that had been floating in the air suddenly stopped moving, and increased in brilliance all of a sudden. Then an explosion-like boom occurred.
「Snippy snappy here I’ve come!」
The one appeared there was a lump of bursting muscles that stood ready in a side chest pose.
After a moment of silence, Tanaka collapsed on his knees. He then dropped both of his hands on the ground, and let out a scream.
「Fu, fuoooooooooo!!」
That was the cry of his soul. Sweat was also dripping down from his eyes.
「Just why… o world, why do you have to bestow me with another suffering today…. Why is the spirit, who was employed by such a beautiful woman, an old man?! Why the moustache! Why the crew cut! Why the muscles?!!!!」
Tanaka howled to the heavens. The spirit care freely showed off various poses in front of him. Suke-san stared at those poses with great interest.
「Damn them… I won’t forgive them… I definitely won’t forgive them! It’s their fault… that army of beauties was the culprit behind it all! Let’s go, Suke-san! Kaku-san! Those women! I’ll definitely teach them a lesson!」
Tanaka couldn’t contain his welling up libido, and intended to vent it out on the beautiful woman from earlier.
「Hmm? By Kaku-san, you mean me?」
The muscle spirit, who had been absorbed in posing, came to himself.
「That seems to be the case-degozaru. More importantly, Tanaka-dono, don’t you think we have to head to town first-degozaru?」
Suke-san alone calmly assessed the situation. At his words, Tanaka halted on his feet.
「Guh! Just you wait! Next time I see you, I’ll definitely strip you off!」
Tanaka, who couldn’t hold his frustration, howled again to the sky where the army of beauties had disappeared into just a while ago. As though getting excited by Tanaka’s howl, Kaku-san began posing again. Suke-san decided to wait for Tanaka to calm down in leisure for the time being.
