Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 42 Part 1.

People call us–
I was bored.
A taciturn workaholic of a father. A lively housewife of a mother. A steadfast older sister. A lovely younger sister. It was a normal family that could be found anywhere.
Everyday life with friends, silly but fun. The days that went by uneventfully were peaceful, happy, and boring. I felt a sense of loneliness, as if everything was happening somewhere far away.
I was different–
At some point, I started to feel this way. The place I belonged to, it wasn’t here. In the midst of leading a peaceful life, somewhere inside me felt that way. I felt that I was special. Something would definitely occur someday. And then, a life belonged specially to me, my real life, would hereby begin at that point. That was what I believed.
And then out of the blue, it occurred. It was a common misfortune. A natural disaster that engulfed countless people. That was all there was to it. If the sole survivor of this incident wasn’t me, the tale would have ended there.
However, it occurred. My family, my friends, and the strangers I had seen so often were all gone. I was the only one who survived.
In a way, it was the special something I had hoped for. It was the beginning of a life that was not boring. And the first thing that greeted me was regret. All I could do was break down in tears.
I was so foolish–
I was too much of a fool. After losing them all, I finally realized it. Boring everyday life. Ordinary people. My beloved family. I finally realized how irreplaceable they were.
The grief that almost broke my heart. Pain continued to torture me, as if my heart was being stabbed with a knife.
It was unknown how long I had cried. I stood up, still holding the smoldering grief.
However, I couldn’t afford to lose it. This sadness was proof that what I had lost was something indispensable and irreplaceable.
In that case, I would continue to embrace this regret. I would continue to live while shouldering this pain.
Let’s fight–
In order not to let other fools such as myself be born. I would continue to fight against the unreasonableness. That was what I promised to myself.
It was unknown how many battles I had gone through since then.
At some point, before I noticed it, I found myself surrounded by warm people. The warmth of people that I had almost forgotten. The comfort of it made me waver on my path.
However, it was only for a short moment that I surrendered myself to peace. I had to resume my journey on the path of battle once again.
Because I realized it. The fire that smoldered deep in my heart…. I was too steeped in battles. It was no longer possible to live a peaceful life.
However, I felt neither sadness nor regret about it. In fact, I was proud of it. Because the power to protect the peace of everyone, I possessed it in me.
Let’s keep fighting. For the sake of those dearest to me. And also for the sake of the dearest ones I would meet in the future.
「 — Now, do you understand? Human bonds are a tricky matter. You might lose them at a moment’s notice, or they might come to you even when you don’t wish them. And yet, they are irreplaceable. If you truly want to be popular, be sure to take it to heart. The weight of this treasure. And the necessity of possessing the mettle to never let it go no matter what. 」
Tanaka was unusually showing a serious expression. You could feel the spirit, which only those who had walked down the path of true men had, on him.
「 Well, that is the mindset of popular men. And then, the most essential principle on how to be popular… 」
Murgai gulped down nervously. He was straining his ears with bated breath.
「 People are attracted to the way you live. There is no room for self-interest. First of all, you have to perish the thought of wanting to be popular. And then, show them that your way of life is worthy of winning over their affection! 」
As expected of Tanaka. The words of a man smeared with self-interest and desire truly were something else.
「 Let’s see…. Speaking of your figure before the fight during our first meeting, that was quite an impressive one, you know? Well, I’m still 108 steps ahead of you, though. 」
Then he showed a fearless smile. This might have been Tanaka’s way of being considerate to the seemingly tense Murgai. He was truly a man overflowing with manly spirit.
「 Well, that’s the basic idea. Murgai. Can you attain them? A way of life that wins people’s hearts. As well as the resolve to possess the mettle to never let go of them. 」
Shock ran through his body. Murgai was a muscle-head by nature. He had never thought too deeply about anything.
He was the most powerful man in the village. Moreover, he was the son of the patriarch. Murgai grew up in such an environment. As a matter of course, he had always been selfish in everything he did. He was the best. The world revolved around him. He had always had such a thought somewhere inside him.
However, when he heard Tanaka’s story, he was shocked beyond words. At how small he had been. At how foolish he had been. And then he thought. He wondered if he would ever be able to walk a new path….
「 I don’t know… I haven’t the slightest idea. I’ve never been good at using my head. After listening to your story, I know that I can’t go on like this. But I don’t know what I should do…. 」
If the people in the village saw him, they would definitely be surprised by such a weak appearance of his. It was like a child who had lost his way and was cowering in anxiety.
There, there was someone who reached out to him gently, as if he were his parent. It was Tanaka, the man who was kind to the Emperor of Child.
「 What’s important is that you realize it and make an effort to change. There is no need to be in a hurry. 」
This might be the moment when a new master and disciple were born. Murgai, his heart trembling, took Tanaka’s hand. A solid bond was born there.
「 But still, you really are amazing, aren’t you? 」
It might be simple, but he honestly thought so from the bottom of his heart. Such brief words.
「 Hmph, of course I am. I’m probably the only one who can create such an elaborate setting on the fly. Ah right, as a gift in commemoration of you becoming my first disciple, I’ll give you the privilege to use the setting just now as is. Well, as an advanced player I am, I’d go for the setting with 108 beautiful sisters, though. 」
Tanaka boasted with a smug look on his face. Murgai couldn’t help but instantly make a retort.
