Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 92 Part 1.

Gathering
Tanaka had managed to splendidly repel the incarnation of Destruction. However, this did not necessarily mean that the battle of the Gods was now over. Above all, he had a single concern. That was the lofty concern of whether putting up the setup of ‘there’s a time limit of three minutes for the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta’’ would make him more popular or not.
While he was sinking into the darkness of thought about this important matter–. The land of faraway north, at Nanashi town, the acceptance of the demon moderate faction was being carried out. The acceptance of the first group was done without any particular problems, and consecutively, the acceptance of the second and third groups was going smoothly.
In the meantime, in the mayor’s office, Omoi, the temporary owner of the room, and the Great Sage Merlin were having a face to face meeting.
「… I see. As expected, this one is just a diversion, right?」
「Yes, but it seems like the obsession of the hardliners is deeper than we expected.」
It was the battle junkies team, Curryman and the others, that was moving to obstruct the main force of the demon hardliners, but as the hardliners were showing unexpected movement, they were at a bind. The hardliners continued to march in an orderly fashion, but they kept repeatedly shifting their course.
Several times, they opted to ambush in an attempt to obstruct their march. But each time Curryman and the others were faced with disappointment. From then on, they limited it only to monitor them from a distance and focus on gathering information. As they were doing that, they began to have certain doubts. Doubt that perhaps this force was not the main force of the hardliners.
This force, which showed irregular movement, had only once drawn near to a settlement of the moderate faction, but they had already retreated before the moderate forces could rush to the scene. Despite them being the overwhelming side in terms of strength. Moreover, they should have plenty of time to make a move on the settlement, but they retreated without doing anything.
In order to confirm this suspicion, the superior spirit Uesama soared through the sky. The destination was the castle of Ganash, the leader of the hardline faction. And the result, it was not as much as being empty, but clearly there were too few people. In other words, with this, rose the possibility that the currently marching force was not elite, but a mere mishmash whose purpose was to pose as one.
「What a surprise that not only do they hide their scheme in the Imperial Capital, they even hide the elite of their main force.」
「We can’t afford to be all surprised. The elite of the hardliners are numbered around a thousand. Not to mention that their whereabouts are unknown, after all.」
「If a military conflict were to occur, from the perspective of the force of the human side, such a number wouldn’t prove to be much of a threat, right? However….」
Omoi’s expression clouded slightly. As among the possibilities that might occur in the current situation, a certain not so good idea crossed his mind, after all.
「Come to think of it, demons seem to be allowed to participate in the tournament festival of this time, right? So the demons in the audience are surely also in high spirits about it.」
In contrast to the content of his words, no positive emotions could be sensed from Merlin. He must be worried about the worst case scenario as well.
「Let’s contact the Imperial Capital as soon as possible. I believe the fastest way is through the tavern owner.」
「You’re right…. While we’re at it, I think sending some reinforcements in order to explain the situation in detail might also be a good idea. With Great Spirit-dono around, transferring to the Imperial Capital should be possible, after all.」
◇ ◇ ◇
Several days after the rumors about the mysterious mass coma incident that broke out on the outskirts of the Imperial Capital began to circulate throughout the Imperial Capital. Given the fact that all the victims had recovered as if nothing had happened, the rumors faded away before the excitement of the Imperial Tournament Festival.
As the tournament festival began its main tournament, the more than ever fierce battles continued to fascinate the spectators. However, Tanaka and the others were not in a state to enjoy the tournament festival.
The first one that rose as their worry was the existence of the Incarnation of Destruction that they encountered the other day. The fact that it had knocked Toby and Eclair unconscious without even needing to fight made it clear that it was such a dangerous opponent. Although the matter was more or less settled, from the incarnation’s parting words, they could expect another invasion. Based on pure danger level, this matter was one they had to be the most vigilant about.
However, the matter was easily settled when Tanaka declared that he would take care of all of it himself. Torte didn’t seem to be convinced, but with Yashichi’s referral, it was decided that Tanaka would be in charge of it. Tanaka grinned at this. There was little wonder to it. As it would be no exaggeration to say that he was a man who was well-versed with the theory of resurrected monster weakening. And with this opportunity, while the others were busy working during the commencement of the tournament festival, Tanaka decided to play around, but let’s omit that part.
Returning to the topic of the matters that concerned them, they were in a suspended state of being unable to grasp the secret maneuvers of the demon hardliners in the Imperial Capital in the end. First of all, about the matter of sending out participants to the tournament festival as diversion, unfortunately, Éclair’s match order was on the earlier side, but as she was unable to recover in time, she forfeited. So everything ended up being entrusted in Toby’s hands.
Tanaka’s casual remark of ‘It looks like Imperial Princess-chan is going to win anyway, so it doesn’t really matter, right?’ lifted some of the burden off his shoulders, but as usual Toby’s days of strict training with Yashichi continued.
It wasn’t as if Éclair had much interest in the tournament festival to begin with, so she was secretly delighted that the time she got to spend with Torte increased. It was such a fond memory when Tanaka-san, who had too much free time to spare after becoming the one in charge of the incarnation of Destruction, gave in to the whispering sweet temptation and carried out the ‘grand strategy of flirting with young miss’, and the two cordially self-exploded.
