Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 103 Part 2.

A black, tentacle-like arm jutted out from the rubbles on the floor and pierced Morinaga.
「Y, you….」
「Oh, you avoided fatal wounds, huh. A vain struggle utilizing the power of God within you, I guess.」
The figure emerged from the midst of rubbles. The shape of its figure was vague, but this inorganic and jet black body was without a doubt the Incarnation of Destruction.
「However, that’s just another futile act. This blood and flesh that you have incarnated into shall teach me. About the principle of the power of the God of Creation. The secret of his barrier.」
The arm of Incarnation of Destruction absorbed the bleeding out blood of Morinaga.
「Ooooooo!!!」
Morinaga forcefully slipped away from the Incarnation of Destruction. However, given how deep her injury was, she fell to her knees again.
「How unsightly of you, Morinaga. Now that you’re in such a state, let me show you despair.」
Saying that, the Incarnation of Destruction raised one of its arms to the sky.
At that slight movement, distortion of the space appeared. From this distortion that gradually grew black, black objects appeared as if being squeezed out. This object slowly wriggled and transformed into the shape of a human figure. It was unmistakably the emergence of a new Incarnation of Destruction.
「Impossible…. My power is so easily….」
「Kukukuku, what a convenient thing. The power you have.」
The Incarnation of Destruction easily employed the power to interfere with the barrier granted upon her by the God of Creation. From the hole created on the barrier, one by one, the Incarnation of Destruction slipped into this world.
「But such a small hole is too slow. Give me more! The secrets of the barrier! The principle of this world! If I absorb you whole, I’ll be able to destroy that abominable barrier in no time at all!」
The Incarnation of Destruction charged at Morinaga, who was unable to move.
However, as the Sukekaku duo ran out of energy, they were unable to move for a while. The three heroes hadn’t recovered their injuries from earlier either, while it might not be fully, there was no way they would be able to face the Incarnation of Destruction.
It was truly a desperate pinch.
There, an ambush no one had ever expected moved into action.
「Uoooooo!」
It was the man who had inherited the little man’s will of Tanaka-san’s, Toby Saar. Toby, who had been stealthily biding his time from a distance, jumped out at this moment.
Toby, who originally should not have been able to even move, borrowing the power of the cursed sword Scream Vaster, headed towards the Incarnation of Destruction.
But, possessing knowledge in neither the power of God nor its principle, witnessing this desperate situation, he himself was merely using the best trump card he had at his disposal.
「Stop it! Toby!!」
Ignoring even Yashichi’s desperate cry, Toby charged at the Incarnation of Destruction as he was. Strengthened by the power of the cursed sword, Toby’s movement was nothing short of that of the heroes in their prime. However–.
「It proves to be no obstacle whatsoever.」
The Incarnation of Destruction did not even register Toby as an enemy. It completely disregarded Toby and continued on its way to capture Morinaga.
In fact, the stroke of the sword that Toby mustered with all his might was easily flicked away, raising a high-pitched sound. There was simply an overwhelming gap of power that was impossible to bridge even by wielding the power of the cursed sword.
However, this result that simply showcased such a gap of power ended up forcing the Incarnation of Destruction to stop on its track.
「You…, what are you?」
The Incarnation of Destruction moved its attention to Toby, who had attacked its body – which should have granted unilateral demise to anything that touched it – and yet was still fine.
Just a moment, it disregarded him like that of a worthless waste, but now that it took a closer look at him as such, the Incarnation of Destruction managed to perceive the power it loathed the most.
「I can feel it…, the power of the abominable God of Creation.」
The Incarnation of Destruction stretched out its arm and grabbed the blade of the cursed sword Scream Vaster.
「Whoaaaaah! Let go! Let it go!」
Toby tried to shake off the grabbing arm of the Incarnation of Destruction, but the sword refused to budge in the slightest.
「I never expected such a weapon to exist…. This is too dangerous.」
The Incarnation of Destruction, realizing the fact the blade of the cursed sword Scream Vaster, which it was grabbing in its arm, was cutting into its arm, albeit only slightly, regarded it as dangerous. Even the stroke of sword Toby unleashed just now, which it regarded as something that would never work on it, succeeded in engraving an injury on the body of the Incarnation of Destruction.
「I shall not allow this kind of thing to exist. There ought to be no such a thing!」
With anger, the Incarnation of Destruction put strength into its arm that was grabbing the cursed sword. The next moment, the blade of the cursed sword Scream Vaster shattered.
「Aaaa! No way….」
Toby, who ended up being released from the restraints of the Incarnation of Destruction, unsteadily stepped backward.
「Run, Toby! Quickly get away from it!!」
Yashichi desperately called out to him, but his words were unable to reach Toby, who was in the mire of despair. Receiving the malice of the Incarnation of Destruction from a close distance, Toby fell to his knees.
His life was now in peril. But even in such a situation, the pursuit of the Incarnation of Destruction had yet to cease.
「What is it? I can still feel it…. His power!」
The arm of the Incarnation of Destruction stretched out as if to pierce Toby’s body.
「Toby!!!!」
Yashichi pictured the worst future. However, the stretched out arm of the Incarnation of Destruction was blocked by something
「So here it is!」
The Incarnation of Destruction then grabbed Toby’s pocket as it was, and tore off even the clothes themselves. The one in its arm was–.
「Rikishi….」
The one who had saved Toby’s life was a small fighter. As his consciousness grew dim, Toby reached out his hand to take back his benefactor. However–.
「To think that even such a strange tool exists…. How bothersome…. Now turn to dust!」
The Incarnation of Destruction grasped its hand tightly, and easily shattered the life of the little fighter.
「Ah….」
Staring at the fragments scattering from the arm of the Incarnation of Destruction, Toby was overwhelmed with grief.
Losing the cursed sword that had been entrusted to him, he even lost the rikishi that had been granted upon him.
The despair was making Toby’s consciousness fade away. What came to mind of such him was the face of the man who was the owner of the cursed sword as well as the rikishi. That smug look on his face was exceedingly hateful to the point of making him involuntarily want to punch it.
Then he realized something. That there was something tugging at the depth of his heart. Moreover, he also felt an uncomfortable feeling at the despair he was feeling right now.
Toby asked himself.
What in the world was he despairing of? Was it the monster in front of him? No, that wasn’t it.
Was this feeling that filled his heart really despair? No, that wasn’t the case either.
What was in Toby’s heart was something that seemed like despair, but was slightly different, something akin to impatience.
Toby desperately tried to remember something.
And then, the words of the man suddenly crossed his mind.
『
I’m just casting a curse on it for a bit, you see. With this if you treat the rikishi roughly, I will be able to tell, so you better prepare yourself. I’ll rush over, alright? I’ll seriously give you a good punch in the gut, alright?
』
It was almost at the same time as he remembered those words as the space in front of him distorted.
The fist that emerged from this space sunk into the gut of the Incarnation of Destruction.
「Doesn’t mommy always tell you to treat your belonging with care?!」
Receiving further Right Down Downward-Right plus Punch button-like force, the Incarnation of Destruction was blown away, crashing on the other incarnations there and fluttering through the sky.
「Mommy!」
Toby raised a shout of joy, but quickly returned to his usual self.
「—is not you!!」
Perhaps satisfied with his retort, Tanaka gave him a thumbs-up in a smile. Even while radiating mommy-ish air, that figure was overflowing with confidence.
The strongest trump card was finally back!
