Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 13 part 2.

The D-ranked monster was unexpectedly weak, so he found it kind of disappointing before losing himself in thought. However, that was a bad choice of action to take, as fire lizards began to assemble there one after another.
「Well crap… looks like I’ve let my guard down!」
He was surrounded by about 10 fire lizards. It seemed that the cries of the fire lizards from earlier had lured them out.
「Gunununu… now that it’s come to this, secret technique suicide Water!」
A small mountain-sized body of water suddenly appeared, and surged down into the ground at once.
「Goboa!」
Tanaka and the fire lizards were all swallowed up by the current, and got swept away from that place. Tanaka got himself drifting in the current of water for a while, before long, the water began to subside, and he was finally able to settle down.
「Gehogeho! Gufufufufu… Did you see my secret technique? It’s a secret technique that could only be activated by sacrificing about three seconds of my life span, which is more valuable than ten giza!」
When Tanaka somehow managed to get up, he began to look around his surroundings. He seemed to be surrounded by about 20 fire lizards.
「Just why?! Why do I have to get swept away into a place where they gather of all places?!」
The fire lizard attacked him mercilessly as he was busy getting upset with himself like that.
「Whoa! As expected, they don’t look like a frog for nothing, they sure know how to jump!」
Tanaka evaded the fire lizards’ jumping body charge attack. He didn’t forget to swing his sword at them as they passed by each other one by one. The corpses of fire lizards began to accumulate around him. However, the number of fire lizards surrounding him seemed to be increasing more than before instead.
「At this rate the situation will only turn for the worse…. I guess I have no other choice, huh. I have a very bad feeling about this, but I’m going to unleash my forbidden magic!」
Tanaka resolved himself to invoke a ninth-order attack magic. In the way he usually invoked magic, he did his best in trying to control the magical energy to keep the scale of the magic as small as possible. Tanaka was convinced that he could do it.
「Take this! Stone ball!」
Based on his experience thus far, he realized that it was possible to fire magic in rapid succession. He was intending to fire this magic in rapid succession to reduce the number of fire lizards as fast as he could, and when he saw an opening, he’d create a path to escape. That was a totally perfect plan. Until he saw a huge chunk of rock appearing in front of him, that was it.
A huge rock, about five meters in diameter, appeared and flew away towards the mountain ranges along with a thunderous roar as it cut through the air. As the rock flew at high speed, the friction caused it to melt a bit, and leaked a bright red glow. For the time being, Tanaka decided to act as though he saw none of it.
「Phew, just as planned. Now retreat!」
Tanaka ran through the path that was created by the rock as it had pulverized numerous fire lizards along its path. However, that direction he was heading to was toward the mountain ranges. As he kept on running, Tanaka somehow took a turn toward the east, and managed to get out of the scattered wetlands area.
「To think I’d come across a D-ranked monster there, my self-defense seems to be still not good enough. Hmm, come to think of it, I’ve defeated quite a number of them, haven’t I?」
Tanaka checked his status. It seemed that he did have obtained quite a lot of experience. Satisfied, he was about to return to the town, but then he suddenly noticed something he didn’t recognize.
Skills: Sword (2.04) Magic (1.40) Believed One (1.42) Dragon Slayer (0.51)
「Oh, the Believed One skill has increased a bit, huh… that’s not it damnit! Why is Dragon Slayer doing there?!」
Before he knew it, he had acquired a new skill. It was a skill that definitely wasn’t there last time he checked.
「Mumumu, but still, this is a skill that resonates quite a bit with my chuunibyou soul for sure. Let’s see.」
He concentrated his mind on the Dragon Slayer skill to find out about its details.
Dragon Slayer: A rare skill that increases physical attack power by utilizing the power of dragon. This is also the mark of one who has slayed a dragon to obtain its power. In order to improve its ability, it is necessary to slay more dragons and obtain their power.
「My time has finally come! Or so I thought, but I have to defeat another dragon to improve the skill? As someone with safety first principle such as myself, as if I can do something like that?!!」
It was only for a moment for Tanaka to feel delighted as he noticed the effect of the skill, since he immediately despaired upon seeing the harsh conditions to improve the skill. However, after hanging his head for a little while, he suddenly realized something.
「No, come to think of it, how did I obtain this skill in the first place?」
Speaking of the monsters he had defeated, there were only the E-ranked subjugation monsters around the town, and the fire lizards. As the hamster rolled the wheel inside of Tanaka’s head, an answer appeared upon him.
「There’s some fire lizards that possess dragon’s blood in them, huh… Wait, I don’t think there’s any information about getting Dragon Slayers skill by defeating fire lizards…. ! Is this by any chance that so called secret mechanism discovery or something? Ufufufu, I see. Finally, I’ve finally found it! The path to destroy the world!」
Excited, Tanaka’s chuunibyou relapsed.
「Hahahaha! I can do it, I can definitely do it! I’ve been having nothing but bitter experience given that my power is only at the same level as that of a baby, but…. At long last, my sleeping power is about to awaken!」
Tanaka ran through the forest while letting out a laugh.
「But still, in the end they were still D-ranked monsters. Getting surrounded by them again would surely be a pain. I guess I’ll try luring out a number of them, before killing the ones that came after me one by one as I make my escape, huh. Fufufu, perfect.」
After continuing to run for a while, he finally found a road that led to Nishi town. He quickly returned to the town, and monopolized the fire lizard subjugation request.
After quickly finishing his preparations, Tanaka kept on hunting fire lizards for a whole week with great enthusiasm.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 20             Experience: 1396/2000     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.4e13/3.4e13     Magical energy: 4.4e13/4.4e13
Strength: 3.4e12         Dexterity: 3.2e12         Agility: 3.2e12
Intelligence: 4.4e12         Spirit: 4.4e12
Skills: Sword (2.04) Magic (1.40) Believed One (1.42) Dragon Slayer (0.51)
Equipment: Sword, Thick clothing
Money: 364,000G
