Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 70 part 2.

And then, perhaps it was because he had been freed from the vigilance, which could be said to be excessive, he had exerted up until now. His tension swiftly rose and reached the peak. A sense of liberation spread to every corner of his body. And then, a sense of omnipotence surged up. Tanaka’s perception was sharpened to an unprecedented level.
And then he sensed it. That there was an enormous amount of magical energy swirling around inside him–. Like blood, each strand of it flowed in sync with Tanaka’s will and freely rushed about.
Excluding the ones he had performed unconsciously, up until now, the Grand Magic Tanaka had ever succeeded in performing was nothing more than a party trick-level miracle. Now, however, Tanaka had managed to perform a large scale Grand Magic on his own volition. While floating a smile in excitement–.
And then, seeing that good mood airs of his, All Biter was annoyed.
「What are you smiling for? Don’t get too ahead of yourself after merely defending against a single high-order magic!」
All Biter released more magical energy than when he invoked the high-order magic previously. The magical energy turned into energy of light and accumulated in front of its gigantic body. This accumulated energy was several times more than when it drove hero Kamui unable to fight in a single attack.
「Burn up while regretting ever underestimating me!」
A roar of light rushed up. It seemed as though it was going to swallow the floating in the sky Tanaka as it was. However, just as this light of destruction was about to reach him, it continued being repelled as though colliding against something.
「What the! Why is my attack being repelled?!」
Astonishment–. And then it immediately realized. A powerful sense of oppression that seemed to envelope it.
「Kukukuku, you won’t be able to escape now. There are 13 layers of multiple barriers erected around you right now. Even a god wouldn’t be able to break it.」
Why thirteen layers? Of course, it was none other than because he thought it sounded somewhat cool. But it wasn’t just because it was cool. The greatest trait of this barrier was that by counting thirteen, which was a prime number, it could make your mind very calm. The effect was such that it could calm down even Tanaka-san, who was renowned for getting freaked out by every rapping sound. That was amazing, Prime Number Barrier!
「You bastard!」
Perhaps thinking that there would be no end to it at this rate. All Biter decided to stop its release of magical energy. However, as expected, as though its path was being obstructed by something, its gigantic body was repelled.
「You bastard! You bastaaaard!!」
The tips of the tentacles crowding around the gigantic body hardened into blades and attacked the invisible wall. Even after unleashing hundreds upon thousands of slash on the barrier in an instant, no change occurred in the situation.
All Biter next gathered its tentacles to create a huge piercing weapon before charging forward again. As the stabbing weapon began to rotate at high speed, clouds of dust flew about. It crashed into the barrier again, but as expected its advance was stopped. Rather, the gigantic body was gradually being pushed back. It was impossible to break prime numbers. So strong, prime number barrier!
「Oh, you’ve created a drill, huh…. Really, what an enviable talent.」
Romance of man, drill. Even Tanaka couldn’t help but recognize that All Biter, no, Cassius was without a doubt a first-class delusionist. If he had been born in Tanaka’s original world, by sufficiently displaying that talent of his on a certain forum, he would have surely been praised as a god who provided materials. Or perhaps, there might have even been a future where he and Tanaka would become best friends who didn’t know each other’s faces.
However, reality was cruel. Now they had met each other as enemies in this other world. And unfortunately, the delusion ability of Cassius, who was raised in the other world, was nowhere near Tanaka’s, who had been exposed to various fictional works in the real world.
This battle. If their positions were to be reversed, Tanaka would definitely have focused on running away.
Plunder-type ability – it was an ability that allowed for stress-free rapid growth and hyahha development since the beginning of the story, but there was a pitfall to this power. The drawback where the readers would become tired of it if it continued as it was. In order to avoid this, the world thus released it. A huge wall in the name of trial–.
Even plunder-type ability that possessed infinite potential was completely powerless against an existence that was far above them at that point of time. This trial, if taken properly, would lead to none other than the development of a definite bad end.
This was exactly the reason why Tanaka previously said that it wouldn’t be enough to be a complete cheat. And then, to turn it into a complete cheat, what was needed here was hero attribute. The talent to overcome confrontation against an enemy who was much stronger than them through a convenient development. Only though combining with it could plunder-type ability work as a complete cheat.
And then, Tanaka was sure of it. ‘Cassius, with his persistent and vicious-type face, didn’t have protagonist attribute’. What a calm and accurate judgment, Tanaka! It was the kind of judgment that could get a hostage back safely in a robbery, you know, Tanaka!
「The reason for your defeat was that you were too hasty.」
Tanaka exaggeratedly spread his arms and clad in darkness.
「Lament the folly of standing in front of me before you have grown fully…. Now then, I will show you the world that you were supposed to reach eventually, if you were born in a different place. The strongest karma created by my kinsmen in my hometown–.」
A high density magical energy that even distorted the world. The darkness clad by Tanaka was embodied into a miracle.
「Melody of light that manifest eternity – Eternal Frost Blizzard Requiem.」
It was too quiet and fleeting of a scene to be called an attack. Crystals of light began to flicker like snow. The particles of light, which were raining down inside the prime number barrier that was sealing All Biter, simply continued to drift peacefully.
Those who had been exposed to fierce battles up until now were captivated by this out of place beautiful scenery. However, they soon realized that it was without a doubt an attack. As All Biter’s scream echoed through the air–.
「What the hell is this?! Why is my body freezing?! My body is supposed to have resistance to all attributes, so why?!」
All Biter’s body began to freeze bit by bit from the place where it touched the light. No, more accurately, it was turning into ice.
「Damn it, in that case I can just deal with it using healing magic…. What?! Healing magic doesn’t…. work?」
All Biter tried to heal itself, but the situation did not improve at all. Rather, it was unable to hide its panic as its body continued to touch the light and was turned into ice bit by bit. As it tried to use magic again, fully leveraging its enormous magical power, but similarly failed to make any change, All Biter’s confusion deepened even further.
If it had managed to maintain its calm judgment at that moment, it might be able to come up with a different solution. However, unfortunately, even that assumption might have been meaningless. As there was an insurmountable wall between the two of them. Even if it had tried the right countermeasure, it would have ended up in vain in the face of the overwhelming difference in power.
The attack that Tanaka unleashed was by no means a water-type freezing attack. If it had to be classified as one, this attack was closer to that of a curse.
Its essence was matter transformation–. The crystals of light that Tanaka unleashed transformed matter into ice as soon as they came into contact. In addition, to prevent any countermeasure against it, he thoroughly arranged it to even stop time. This was a technique that showcased the workmanship of Tanaka-san, who never forgot the heart of a little man.
「Impossible…. I’m… I, who have surpassed God… in such a place….」
All Biter was turned into an ice object that would never melt.
「This is my least mercy as a fellow delusionist. I’ll give you eternity. Enjoy it until the end of the world.」
Thus, All Biter’s time came to a halt. That also meant that the battle of delusions between the two of them had come to an end.
