Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 50 Part 3.

Tanaka’s presence strengthened in an instant. And then, he triumphantly began to walk towards what looked like the exit, but…
「 Kuh…. 」
「 Th, this is…. 」
Yashichi and Toby suddenly fell to their knees at the same time.
「 Wh, what’s going on, both of you? 」
Unable to understand what was going on, Tanaka was flustered by himself. There, laughter suddenly rose toward such them.
「 Hahahahaha! You let your guard down! I never expected there would be this many casualties, so as expected it sent chills down my spine. However, even if you are a hero, you are still nothing more than an amateur in my eyes. You’re powerless in front of my wisdom as a professional in war! 」
Before they knew it, there was a row of walls with mysterious patterns engraved on them on the spectator seats. As they were covertly arranged during the previous battle, the kingdom soldiers were standing behind them to support them. They were the stone walls with sealing technique imbued in them. And the eerie light they emitted indicated the activation of their abominable ability.
「 The ones that were installed in the prison, huh. To think they were something that could be taken out… 」
Perhaps it was due to the sudden loss of power. Even as his consciousness grew hazy, Yashichi realized that they’d fallen into a trap.
「 Th, those things, huh! Come to think of it, I think my body is also starting to feel unwell…. 」
Tanaka-san promptly crouched down while holding his abdomen. Truly a man with a terrifying adaptability. The suffering reminded him of the hell he once had to go through for drinking too much milk. At the same time, it also reminded him of the smile of the tavern old man. Tanaka felt like he was getting more and more unwell.
Truly a desperate pinch. Around the three of them, who had lost their strength and fell to the ground, the kingdom soldiers were groaning. In order to win, this ruthless strategist had plunged the soldiers under him into the trap altogether.
「 I thought you were a bit of a smart guy, but in the end you’re just an amateur, huh. In front of my ingenuity, you can do nothing when it comes to battle. 」
In the midst of the groans of his allies, General Red spoke to Tanaka in a good mood, seemingly unconcerned about them. The opponent who led him by the nose through hardships during the game the other day. Seeing the suffering figure of the man must have greatly elevated his mood.
「 Come to think of it, I heard that you were an acquaintance of General White. That old man turned out to be not that bad, huh. To think he’d still provide me with entertainment even after his death. 」
Recalling the information reported by warden Muchisuki, General Red continued to talk with an even brighter smile on his face.
「 He used to be a nuisance as he stood above me, but now that he’s no longer in this world, everything has turned into a nostalgic memory. 」
Those eyes of his that reflected the figure of Tanaka were tinged with madness and frenzy.
「 Were you planning to avenge that old man? What a shame. You’re going to die here. In this place where that old man was executed. By these hands of mine that had framed that old man to death. Hahahaha! 」
–At that moment, the place was suddenly engulfed in explosions. All of the sealing technique imbued stone walls that suppressed the three of them exploded, blowing away the soldiers who were supporting them. The battlefield was covered in dust. None of them knew what had happened, but everyone in the area had ceased their movement.
It was their instinct as living beings. An overwhelming power that wasn’t even allowed to be imagined. Unable to even recognize their own fear in the face of its surge, all they could do was to wait for their moment. As if waiting for divine judgment–.
And then it finally showed itself. A jet-black glow that surpassed the laws of the world. Tanaka, clad in highly-concentrated magical energy to the point of being visible, stared at General Red with an emotionless expression.
「 So it was you, huh… The one who killed Old man…. 」
The black glow converged and disappeared into Tanaka. At the same time, Tanaka slowly lifted one arm and held it up to the spectator seats on his right.
Like the crumbling of a sand castle, a part of the arena collapsed. Tanaka’s live-support magic, Embankment, was capable of dominating all things rooted in the earth. Before long, the generated sand was gradually returning to the earth and a gaping path was created in its stead.
「 Go on now. From here on is my fight. 」
Yashichi and Toby, who could do nothing but watch in a daze as the situation unfolded before them until then, came to their senses.
「 Wait, wait, everything is fine now, isn’t it? Let’s all run away together! 」
However, still staring at General Red, Tanaka didn’t budge in the slightest. Toby was about to urge him further, but his words failed to come out. The hand on his shoulder would not allow him to do so. When Toby turned toward his direction, Yashichi merely shook his head. Caving in to his silence pressure, Toby couldn’t help but withdraw from the battlefield. The two of them began to make their way to the escape route that Tanaka had created. Yashichi stopped and called out to Tanaka for the last time without turning around.
「 My friend. The next time we meet, I’ll buy you a drink. I can’t introduce you to any beautiful women, though. 」
This was the unfulfilled promise that Tanaka had once made. Yashichi purposely made such a promise. Believing in the victory of his friend, hoping to reunite again one day–.
「 Yeah, I’ll be looking forward to it, big bro. Also, please reconsider the matter of the beautiful women. 」
And then, the man responded to his back. As if to imply that he would surely fulfill this newly exchanged promise, he floated a fearless smile. With his nose flaring due to his boundless worldly desires–.
Thus, the two departed, while Tanaka on the other hand stood there in place as if to allow none to give them a chase.
「 Wh, what are you doing? Quickly go after them! And kill that thing that stands in the way! 」
As if the binds had been released, the general’s shout suddenly rang out. As if reacting to it, the kingdom soldiers began to move again. However, the man’s voice froze them in place once again.
「 What are you misunderstanding for? I’m not staying behind to let my friends escape. I’m staying behind to settle my score with you. 」
Would Tanaka’s anger finally drive General Red to the corner? The battle with the entertainment city of Ketavanagh O as the stage was about to enter its final phase.
And it wouldn’t be long before Tanaka-san realized that his sword had been sponged off of him….
