Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 18 part 1.

Spirit
「Suke-san. What do you think is going on over there?」
「I can’t tell-degozaru. But there is no doubt that the town is in danger-degozaru.」
From the shadows flying over the town, things that were presumably to be attacks were showering down on the town. Every time they did, fire was ablaze here and there. Tanaka, who had been watching the situation of the town from a distance, suddenly stood upright, raised one hand and declared.
「Alert stance number one! We’re going to slip into town stealthily and quietly, while keeping an eye out for those guys in the sky.」
Suke-san, following Tanaka’s lead, similarly stood upright and replied.
「Roger-degozaru.」
The two of them decided to first make their way to the town, as what was happening there didn’t seem to be some sort of festival.
「Quieter than a cockroach, faster than a cockroach!」
The two gradually crunched closer to the town. The closer they got to the town, the more shouts and screams could be heard from there. And then, the identity of the shadows in the sky was also finally revealed.
「Suke-san, aren’t those the beautiful women who attacked you the other day?!」
「That seems to be the case-degozaru. But I didn’t know there were so many of them-degozaru….」
The two halted on their steps, as they were surprised by the identity of the shadows. The town was still constantly under barrage of attack. Even in such a situation, however, the honest man who was Tanaka didn’t fail to leak his worldly desire out of his mouth.
「Hmmm, I wonder how can I capture so many beautiful women?」
Suke-san responded to him, showing a stern look (?).
「Are you going to capture them-degozaru? Those people who are flying around in the sky-degozaru? Even simply dragging them down doesn’t seem that easy-degozaru…」
Realizing that he had unconsciously leaked out his worldly desires, he plastered a serious look on his face in a hurry.
「We have to first find out who they actually are, after all. It’s not like I want to obtain a beautiful woman or anything, alright? I’m not thinking about kyakya ufufu development in in the slightest, alright?」
Tanaka resumed to inch forward with a crisp look on his face. Suke-san also followed suit right after him in silence. However, their progress came to another halt not long after. The reason for this was because they had noticed two beautiful women glaring at each other quite a distance ahead of them.
One was a winged beautiful woman. Clad in red a bodysuit-like outfit, and held a similarly red huge lance in hand.
「For the love of god, what an indecent outfit to wear! How triple indecent!」
Tanaka couldn’t help but be unable to take his eyes off her lascivious shapely figure. Unlike the expressionless beauty who attacked Suke-san the other day, however, this woman didn’t try to hide her displeasure in the slightest, as she was glaring at the person across from her.
The other person was also a beautiful woman, however she possessed no wings. She donned a pure-looking white robe, and held nothing in her hand.
「Hmm, she looks totally like a pure person, very nice! But this uncle do think that she could be a little bit more adventurous.」
Tanaka crossed his arms and nodded his head at some sort of thing. Suke-san called such a Tanaka back to reality.
「What should we do-degozaru? It looks like those two are in some sort of a dispute-degozaru.」
The beautiful woman with a spear seemed as though she was ready to launch an attack at any given moment.
「Hmm, for the time being, let’s go. Mufufu, unlike the time with Suke-san, no matter which one who loses, this time I can definitely acquainted myself with a beautiful woman.」
The two continued to move closer to the two facing off beautiful women, even as he talked to himself as such.
◇ ◇ ◇
「I did expect you to show some sort of reaction if we attack the town, but I’d have never expected that you’d sacrifice your body to save those heretic human and monsters.」
The winged beautiful woman spoke to the robed woman in front of her in a slightly astonished tone. Even as she was speaking, though, she didn’t let her guard down, and the lance in her hand was pointed at the other woman. Despite the fact that the tip of the lance was pointed at her, the robed woman herself didn’t seem to be perturbed at all. She simply and expressionlessly stared at the woman in front of her.
「O foolish spirit who has decided to follow me. I wish you could obtain what you deserve.」
Before Tanaka and Suke-san even had the chance to step in, the lance of the winged beautiful woman had already pierced the woman in the robe. After the lance had pierced the woman for sure, it was then pulled out, as the pierced robed woman fell down from the force of the lance in the process.
「This is the least mercy I could bestow upon you. I’ll let you pass on as you watch over at the town which you’ve used that bod of yours as sacrifice to protect.」
Saying so, the winged beautiful woman flew away into the sky. The other women, who were flying in the sky, also left as though being led by her. Then, Tanaka arrived on the scene in a flurry.
「Noooo! How could this happen?! Such a precious beauty!」
Tanaka rushed toward the woman who had just been pierced by the lance. As he held the woman up in his arms, though, he froze. There was a large hole in her chest. However, no blood was flowing out of it. Moreover, in the depth of the presumably hole of injury, grains of light were flowing out.
「Wha! What’s this? … eeii! For the time being, I have to give her treatment first. Heal!」
The woman’s body was enveloped in light. The light subsided before long, but the wound on her chest remained as it was. Moreover, it began to gradually spread little by little.
