Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 77 part 2.

This cold-heartedness of this man, where he could even become heartless to his own comrades in order to win, was surely something that everyone couldn’t help but be afraid of.
Furthermore, his acting ability that allowed this terrifying hidden face to go unnoticed was also beyond normal. The turned away face, the restlessly swimming eyes, and the faint sound of whistle due to impatience. Everything was nothing short of perfect.
Even from under his elongated nose, there was no hint that he held ambitions to establish a solid status in the world of TonTON Sumo, which had created a worldwide boom, and being lavished with praise and kyakya ufufu from the beautiful women all over the world.
There was surely no other gambler in the world who possessed natures that were more suited to the world of game than this man. He was simply that overly amazing that even explaining it was difficult.
On the other hand, speaking of Suke-san, he walked up to Tanaka seemingly in delight along with his rikishi, completely oblivious to the fact that a harsh game was upon him.
「Oh, Dark Star RX model, huh. That’s a first-class item created from the bones of the black dragon. It’s a very versatile rikishi that will make you involuntarily think, ‘Isn’t this fellow alone all I need?’. Quite a tough one you’ve got there. But still! I wonder if it will be able to stand up against my well-trained Moonlight Custom Unit Zero. I’ll show you that the armor created from the precious horn of the Dragon Turtle isn’t just for show.」
The rikishis were set up on the battlefield.
「The rules are simple. The first one to fall or be thrown out of the ring loses. It’s simple, but that’s why it’s going to be such a harsh battle. Prepare yourselves. Eye poking, balls crushing, biting…. No matter how tattered the rikishis become, as long as the aforementioned rules aren’t violated, the battle will continue to go on, after all.」
「S, seriously…?」
Kaku-san was lost for words due to how dangerous the rules were. It was a wonder how they could even do eye pokes, but at any rate it was one hell of a terrifying match.
「When the one at the top yells ‘hakkeyoi’ and the opponent replies ‘nokotta’, that’s the moment of the beginning of the death battle. Now then, let’s go….」
Despite Kaku-san’s worries, the battle of the two finally began.
「Hakkeyoi—」
「Nokotta!」
As soon as the battle began, Tanaka’s finger technique displayed its light.
The battlefield shook–, and then, the riskishis clashed violently.
「What’s wrong? What are you spacing out for? The battle has already begun, you know?! Let your fighting spirit burn! Put your burning soul into your fingertips and poke, poke, poke!」
Suke-san hurriedly tried to interfere with the battlefield, but his fingering was too unskilled. He seemed to be attempting to somehow learn by imitating, but the difference in experience between the two was apparent.
「It, it’s difficult-degozaru!」
「But of course! This is the culmination of martial arts that has been passed down from generation to generation since the age of the Gods, you know?! Don’t think it’s that easy to master! It is true that you have grown up, Suke-san. I’ll give you that. It can be said that you’re a full-fledged warrior now…. However! There’s a huge wall in becoming a first-class warrior ahead of you! This is a good opportunity. Let me show you what the battle of level above looks like here!」
As the battlefield shook even more violently, Suke-san was one-sidedly on the defensive. No, it would be more accurate to say that he didn’t even know what he should do. The rikishis clashed again and again, but each time it was Suke-san’s Dark Star RX that was blown away.
「So, so strong…. To think it’d be to such an extent….」
As far as Kaku-san was concerned, Tanaka being strong was only a matter of course. But perhaps never expecting it to reach such a one-sided development. He was so surprised that he was lost for words.
And then, the battle between the two finally reached its climax.
「This is what it means to dominate the battlefield! Engrave this teaching–, this defeat on your soul! Karate secret technique, Hundred Continents Trajectory Spear Hand – Stick Cheese Hurricane.」
At the waves of attacks, the battlefield was the epitome of hell on earth. The scene of two men facing each other with a small box in between was something difficult to describe.
Eventually, the powerful ramming attack from Moonlight Custom Unit Zero connected to Dark Star RX.
「Ah!」
With Suke-san’s sorrowful voice as the backsound, Dark Star RX danced through the air.
As if the flow of time had slowed down, the figure of his rikishi being blown away was vividly portrayed in his eyes.
And then, Dark Star RX got its body cruelly slammed on the ground again and again, until eventually stopped moving at all. The way it stopped moving, without even a twitch, was close resemblance to that of an inorganic object. Could it be, had Dark Star RX died?
「It’s my lose-degozaru….」
Staring at his rikishi that was lying still on the ground, Suke-san managed to somehow squeeze out these words.
「It was a good battle…. Kuh, if only I could do physical interference, I wouldn’t stay silent about it….」
Kaku-san consoled the seemingly frustrated Suke-san.
「’The one who dominates the battlefield controls the battle’. Don’t forget this lesson you learned with your own body.」
The unconcealable smug look on his face spoke volumes about his honesty. However, perhaps finally noticing the sinking mood of the two. He hurriedly made a follow up.
「Defeat is by no means something to be ashamed of. The real shame lies with those who have the ugly heart that scorns the loser.」
As expected of Tanaka-san. He had so much persuasive power that it was hard to believe that he was someone who had just shown a smug face.
「Defeat teaches us many things. I always believe it, you know? That what the loser will show us next time is a ray of hope. Of course you two will show me it, won’t you? The figures of my best friends who have risen to greater heights.」
「Tanaka-dono….」
「Heh, I’m no match against you.」
The three of them bumped their fists.
What was there was the never changing camaraderie. No, with their bonds getting even stronger, there was the passionate spirit of the men who were trying to move forward.
Tanaka-san had a profound intention of fostering further their camaraderie by killing himself and acting as the bad guy. That was why, the image of him breathing a sigh of relief behind his back that he had managed to somehow gloss it over must have been nothing but an illusion.
「Well, anyway, you two get it, don’t you? How wonderful TonTON Sumo is. I can already see it, you see. The figure of myself becoming crazy rich with this TonTON Sumo. Kukuku…, everyone in the town will surely be amazed at my figure upon accomplishing great transformation….」
Seeing the figure of Tanaka who was showing a fearless smile, the two of them also sensed it strongly. That this man would definitely be able to turn it into reality.
And then, some time passed. In a tavern in this town, one could see the figure of a man who had lost everything and was drowning in milk. Needless to say, he surprised everyone who visited the tavern with his depiction of disgraceful behavior.
That figure of him sacrificing even himself to carry out what he said he would do was something that couldn’t be seen without tears. Hang in there, Tanaka. Don’t lose, Tanaka.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 867             Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.17e15/3.17e15     Magical Energy: 7.00e15/7.00e15
Strength: 2.83e14         Dexterity: 2.90e14         Agility: 3.65e14
Intelligence: 5.33e14         Spirit: 6.15e14
Skills: Sword (4.42) Magic (10.00) Believed One (10.00) Dragon Slayer (7.81) Spirit Master (8.07) Chanting Omission (10.00) Multiple Chanting (10.00) Grand Magic (1.02) Creation and Destruction Boundary (-) Deceiver of the Abyss (-) Blunt Weapon (1.13)
Equipment: Signboard, Cool clothes, Black cloak II.
Money: 794G
