Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 113 Part 1.

Destruction and Resurrection
『What’s wrong? You only have your appearance changed a bit, and you don’t seem to have become particularly stronger, either. Are you saying that’s your so-called human possibility? How foolish! No more nonsense. Feel free to be crushed along with the world you are protecting!』
The God of Destruction unleashed the power he had built up. This attack was an energy beam that, just as he said, could destroy the world.
The moment the power of destruction was about to exactly swallow Tanaka, as if everything had turned to nothing, the scene shifted and silence pervaded.
Tanaka was alive and well as usual. The barrier protecting the world was not broken in the aftermath of the attack either. It was simply that the attack of the God of Destruction had been unnaturally erased.
『What’s it…? What’s going on? Why has my attack disappeared…?』
The God of Destruction ceased his movements, unable to comprehend the phenomenon that had occurred before his eyes.
『What’s wrong, God of Destruction. Is your attack done with that one?』
『What’s with that manner speaking? It’s as if you were the one who did it. As if you’d be able to stop my attack with that puny power of yours?!』
The God of Destruction unleashed another attack. It was an attack of the same scale as the previous one. The difference was in the God of Destruction himself upon unleashing the attack. He was watching closely in order to unravel the secret of the previous phenomenon.
Tanaka was about to be exposed to high energy again. However, the moment the power of destruction was about to touch Tanaka, as expected it ended up being annihilated unnaturally.
And then, still unable to unravel this secret, the God of Destruction was beset with another unreasonableness. The God of Destruction sensed that there was a change in his enormous energy. It felt as if it had collided with a powerful energy and gotten mutually annihilated.
『What’s going on…, why do I receive damage? What is this powerful attack…? It is comparable to my attack….』
Tanaka floated a grin.
『Don’t tell me…. Are you saying that you reflected my attack? Impossible! There’s no way you can do such a feat with your power.』
『Indeed–, it’s impossible to reflect such an attack with my power. My power is nowhere near yours, after all. In that case, then what to do? I shall challenge you not with power, but principle! Sink it to your mind that your attack is now a blade that’ll only cut you apart!』
『What nonsense! I shall crush that trivial tricks of yours with my power head-on!』
The attacks of the God of Destruction was commenced once again. Each of those attacks was no short in scale compared to the previous ones, and rapidly rained on Tanaka without giving him a chance to counterattack.
However, the result was just as Tanaka had said, as if those attacks had exploded toward himself, they vanquished his own energy.
Even so, the God of Destruction did not cease his attack. It was because energy was still being supplied from countless worlds. In light of that, something on this level wouldn’t be enough to exhaust it. Rather, the problem was this unreasonable phenomenon that was currently occurring.
『Just why?! Why does my power vanish?! Why do I receive attacks?!』
The mystery that even a God such as himself was unable to perceive.
The irritation of being unable to come up with any solution.
The God of Destruction forgot to observe and began to lose his cool.
『Why do I have to be stopped by the hands of a mere human! I am the one who shall destroy everything! I am the one who will eventually become the sole existence! This me, by such a waste! If only my attack could land!』
『Come on, take a guess.』
Tanaka provoked the God of Destruction with a line that sounded like some kind of root vegetable. One couldn’t feel the slightest air of asking a beautiful girl ‘Please hug me from behind and press those twin hills of yours. Very please’ on him there. The Tanaka-san of this time was totally unlike the past ones.
『Don’t get carried away! You fool!』
The God of Destruction’s emotion-driven attack struck Tanaka. This time, the attack was not erased.
Tanaka was swallowed by the high energy. Based on their power level, Tanaka’s annihilation was inevitable… or so that was how it was supposed to be. However–.
『Impossible…. How can you still exist…?』
Even after being swallowed by an overwhelming power of destruction, Tanaka still flawlessly existed.
『It’s no use. This figure of myself you’re currently seeing is nothing more than a reflection of myself who exists in higher dimension.』
『What the hell is that?! There is no such thing as something I cannot destroy! There ought to be no such thing!』
The attacks of the God of Destruction did not cease. However, the existence of the so-called Tanaka did not vanish.
『Do you honestly think that by being attacked by someone in imagination, I’d actually receive damage for real? For the current me, who exist in higher dimension, the you of this dimension is no more than that level of existence.』
『What’s with that double standard setting! As if I’d tolerate such unreasonableness!』
The anger of the God of Destruction did not subside. However, the attacks of the God of Destruction was unable to overturn the fact that they didn’t work on Tanaka. The God of Destruction gradually regained his cool, and ceased his attacks.
『What a surprise…. I never expected that there would be such unreasonableness. To think I would be left in the dust of a mere human.』
In a sense, the God of Destruction had acknowledged Tanaka. However, that wasn’t the end of it.
『However, haven’t you gotten too ahead of yourself, human? Do you honestly think I won’t be able to do something that you are able to? Once I transcend dimensions too, everything shall be clear. I shall transcend dimensions and get rid of you at once』
『That’s why you’re underestimating me too much, God of Destruction. It’s exactly because I know you won’t be able to transcend dimensions that I told you all of it.』
『Say what….』
The composure of the God of Destruction once again wavered.
『You’re no more than an existence that possesses enormous power in this dimension. That claim of yours for you to be the sole existence, one yet everything, is too much of arrogance. If such a being were to exist, that ought to be someone who stands at a more distant height. At a distant height that’s unimaginable even to me who exists in a higher dimension. As long as you bear the arrogance in believing that you alone are everything, you – who can’t even acknowledge the possibility of another you, let alone others – won’t be able to stand on a higher realm. You won’t be able to transcend dimensions!』
『Are you intending to make me reflect on my thought at this point? How ridiculous! I shan’t tolerate such a nonsensical existence to exist in this world! If I can’t attack you, I need only to ignore you. I shall simply continue to destroy all worlds as is!』
The God of Destruction’s fighting spirit rose again, and his energy increased in intensity.
『You think I’d let you to? I can see the future. No matter what kind of despicable plan you come up with, I will rewrite causality to avert all of it! I will not allow you to destroy anything anymore!』
『Stop joking with me! As if I’d accept such a ridiculous thing!』
