Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 111.

Evil Scheme
『–What… the…?』
Since the beginning of this battle, the God of Creation was showing an agitated expression for the first time. The previous attack had been the finishing blow with all his might that was supposed to bring this battle to its conclusion. The God of Creation also certainly sensed the feedback that he had annihilated the God of Destruction.
However, the ominous presence of the God of Destruction had not yet disappeared even now.
In this place, the energy generated by the clash of two pillars continued to drift through the void of nothingness like a fog. This pressure that could be felt from somewhere was unmistakably that of the God of Destruction.
『I shall admit it…. Your power certainly surpassed mine. If the past battle had continued as it was, it’s true that it would surely have been my defeat.』
Just as how he was before the battle began, the God of Destruction was still in existence along with his overwhelming energy. No, if anything, the energy possessed by the God of Destruction was constantly rising.
『This is exactly why I can’t stop laughing. That’s because you’ve long since wasted your only chance to ever defeat me due to that foolish conviction of yours.』
Here, the God of Creation finally realized. The fog of energy that was the afterglow of the clash of two pillars. Hidden amidst it, there was a flow of power heading towards the God of Destruction.
And then, the God of Creation was shocked as he realized the source of this power.
『You can’t be…, other worlds….』
『Did you honestly think that I’d have been just obediently sitting back in wait for this conclusion against you? What a folly.』
This place was the void of nothingness. This place wasn’t merely meant to be the crevice of worlds. That would mean, as long as there was a source of energy, it was possible to open up a gate connecting to said world from that place.
『I am grateful to you. For showing me firsthand that I couldn’t deal with the existence called Gods with ordinary methods. After that, I proceeded with my plan very carefully.』
Opening up gates connecting to some worlds somewhere one after another, the power of the God of Destruction continued to rise.
『Having my incarnations stealthily sneaked in and encroached the world from the background without its creator noticing it…. the disgraceful state they displayed as they realized what was going on when it was already too late was pretty interesting, you know?』
『How could you!』
The God of Creation unleashed another attack that didn’t fall short to the previous one toward the God of Destruction. However, this time, unable to one-sidedly shave off the power of the God of Destruction, in the clash of annihilation, the powers of both sides vanished.
As if the attack just now didn’t amount to anything at all, the God of Destruction calmly continued on.
『It’s true that the quality of your power is something else. However, I wonder of it will be able to withstand the power I have gained from devouring countless worlds?』
The God of Destruction shifted to the offensive. Leveraging this enormous energy that could be said to be inexhaustible, he wielded his power.
When the God of Creation unleashed his power against him, the God of Destruction would fire back with double its power. If it wasn’t enough, then triple, quadruple and so on.
Gradually, the God of Creation was cornered, finding it impossible to offset the attacks of the God of Destruction. Hence, the God of Creation had his existence being shaved off one-sidedly.
『Damn it! At this rate….』
『Hahahaha! How unsightly of you, God of Creation. At long last…, at last, the conclusion is coming…. Feel free to perish like those gods whom I have destroyed before you!』
A gigantic energy that was on a different level even to the God of Creation swallowed him up. The glow that was emitted as the existence of the God of Creation was being extinguished illuminated the world of darkness.
When the light subsided, the God of Creation no longer existed there. However, the God of Destruction did not raise voices of joy.
『What do you think you’re doing, human?』
A distance away from the place where the clash of two pillars had taken place — though in this void of nothingness where distance was vague, it surely wasn’t something that held much meaning. If there was something worth mentioning, then perhaps it was that here was a place where there was no existence of power, namely the God of Destruction.
There floated Tanaka who was lending a shoulder to the God of Creation, who had transformed into the tavern old man.
「You…. What in the world have you come here for…?」
「Oioi, even though I just saved you, aren’t you being too cold there?」
「You fool, if you come over here, who’s going to protect the world?」
「Well, there’s none else but you, old man. After all, you won’t be able to even put up a proper fight in such a state, right? That’s why, let’s just go with the flow like having a player change or something here.」
In this desperate situation, Tanaka gave a thumbs up in an out of place air.
「What are you even saying? I’ve told you before, haven’t I? He’s not someone you can face…. No, the current God of Destruction is already someone that even I can’t face. We have no choice but to strengthen our defense—」
『Hahaha! What a joke. Strengthen your defense, you say? That level of barrier won’t be able to stop me anymore! You, who have already lost most of your power, won’t even be able to create such a barrier again.』
The God of Creation could only respond with a look of anguish to the God of Destruction’s words. On the other hand, Tanaka calmly continued with his pieces.
「For a while, you should just focus on maintaining that barrier, old man. I’ll somehow take care of the rest.」
「Are you seriously going to do it?」
「Well, it’s not like I can’t understand why you can’t put your trust in me…. But it’d be verily troubling if you forget that I’m a man who is specialized at retreating at full speed. Especially if it’s a losing battle. The fact that such me has decided to fight means that there’s a chance of victory.」
The man who was renowned for his ability to coolly boast about his own patheticness was still going strong.
「… Got it. Don’t die, alright?」
「I’m telling you, don’t worry. If you’re that eager to be worried, then you should just properly think of the matter after I beat that guy.」
「What do you mean?」
「With this everything will be settled, right? In that case, you should properly send big bro…. the otherworld heroes back to their original world, that’s what I mean.」
「You….  Got it, I’ll leave everything to you. You’ve said that much. So you have to absolutely win, alright?」
Deciding to put his trust in Tanaka, who had put up a brave front and declared as such, the God of Creation vanished. He flew off toward the hyperspace in order to protect the barrier.
Nevertheless, the mental strength that didn’t waver even in such a situation, and the kindness of being mindful even to the matter after the battle. Perhaps it would be no exaggeration to say that he had splendidly matured up as a protagonist.
And speaking of the state of such Tanaka-san–.
「Kukuku, I’m feeling kinda bad to big bro, but the turn of handsome men is over here. For the sake of my otherworld flirty life, I’m going to have them return to their original world. Once I commence the gift strategy, by increasing my likeability, Hero-chan will definitely decide to stay behind, after all. With this, my popular cheat protagonist path is settled to set off with a good mark. Kukuku, what a fine move, if I do say so myself.」
Unexpectedly, even though he was in the face of a world crisis, Tanaka was immersing himself in the evil of prioritizing his own desire. What a devil.
However, what was fearsome was his scheme of getting rid only of the handsome men while securing the beautiful girls. It was truly an evil scheme that could only be carried out by a man who could turn the possible impossible. One couldn’t help but marvel at that reckless spirit of challenge of this. Perhaps the esteemed readers could have already guessed the punchline from here on.
「Nevertheless, for you to faithfully wait for me, looks like you do understand the promise, after all, God of Destruction.」
『What kind of farce you are going to play at the last moment. I’m just curious about it. Nevertheless, is there any meaning in spouting the thoughtless remark of defeating me? It is no longer possible to avoid the destruction destiny.』
「That may be true.」
The strength of the God of Destruction still continued to grow. In the face of this overwhelming wave of power, Tanaka remained calm.
「But, perhaps there’s unexpectedly still a way to deal with it, you know?」
『I don’t need any more nonsense. I shall teach you about the inescapable destiny with that body of yours at once. Using your own annihilation.』
The wave radiated by the God of Destruction turned aggressive.
「You should just find out for yourself whether it’s a lie or not. Now, let’s get the second round of the final battle started.」
Ultimately Tanaka was thus under the umbrella of this teacher.
