Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 40 Part 2.

「Kamui-sama!」
Kaltovich rushed over to him in panic. She didn’t even need to examine him to tell that he’d received a serious injury and was on the verge of death. Kaltovich promptly performed emergency treatment by invoking healing magic upon him.
「Ugh….」
Kamui quickly regained consciousness, but he was still in a critical state. Even as Kaltovich continued to treat him with healing magic, she was fully aware that death was only a few steps away from them. Also, the fear she felt toward the enemy who had brought Kamui to such a near death state in the blink of an eye.
The battle continued even as Kaltovich administered treatment to Kamui. No, could it even be called a battle? Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that Tetsujin was just desperately struggling, hoping to escape death.
Darkness that guided them to death. At first, she managed to avoid it thanks to her intuition, but there was no guarantee that she would be able to pull it off again next time. Tetsujin knew that it would be the end of her if she allowed it to get close to her, so she single mindedly fired out a flurry of attacks. Currently, she was holding a bow in her hand. Even though she was well aware that it was nigh impossible for her attacks to hit, she continued to attack wildly with all her might in a sole attempt of hindering the darkness from closing in. In the midst of it, she unleashed a seventh-order magic, Combustion,  which she had prepared in advance, toward the darkness that was looming over her. It was the lowest order of wide scale attack magic, but she had no choice but to gamble on it now as she needed as much attack as possible. While the wall of flames that appeared in front of her was stopping the enemy in their tracks, she took some distance from it. Then, she readied her bow again.
The darkness reappeared. Naturally, it didn’t seem to have taken any damage at all. Despairing at the expected result, Tetsujin resumed her flurry of attacks. In any case, she was desperate to slow down her adversary with her barrage of attacks. However, as she continued to move backward in retreat, she was involuntarily moving closer to the place where Kaltovich was currently treating kamui.
「Kalt… I don’t need any more treatments. I’ll take care of the rest myself, so I want you to support Tetsujin. Half-baked attacks won’t do anything against such an opponent. We have no choice but to rely on your trump card….」
Kamui started to invoke healing magic to treat himself without waiting for her answer. Normally, it’d be where she amorously threw a tantrum and glued herself to him. However, as expected she was aware that they had no leisure for such a thing at the moment. Kaltovich began the preparation to unleash the strongest card in her repertoire. It was a secret magic that was taught only to the chosen few of Purinist. It was a magic that took time to manifest, even for Kaltovich, who was considered to be the best magic user in Purinism. It was one of the few high-order magic left in humanity.
「Tetsujin! Step back!」
Without even looking back, Tetsujin understood what Kaltovich was about to do, thus she promptly unleashed another Combustion toward the darkness as her last attempt to slow it down, before stepping back at once toward where Kamui and Kaltovich were.
「Light-Logia-Crash!」
A third-order magic — Hell Festival. A shrine of light appeared in front of them. The shrine that engulfed the monsters was emitting a dazzling light. In fact, what appeared to be a shrine was an array of barriers imbued with power of destruction that was projected to protect the world. Inside the shrine, power of flame was condensed to the point where it could turn even a mountain to ashes. From the outside, there was no way to perceive what was there inside the shrine of light. In fact, inside the shrine, there whirled a manifestation of hell that could even annihilate dragons without leaving even a trace of ash behind.
「This light is the power of Purinism! Have a taste of the power of God!」
Kaltovich was convinced of their victory, witnessing her magic engulfing the enemies. Kamui also let out a sigh of relief. The only one who was still on guard was Tetsujin, who kept her bow at the ready. That was the experience, or perhaps the intuitions of an A-ranked warrior.
「Quickly get the Leap magic ready….」
Tetsujin urged Kaltovich to put in order the preparations to escape, even as she kept her eyes on the shrine. Sixth-order magic ‘Leap’, while it wasn’t quite on the same level as ‘Transfer’, it was still nonetheless an escape technique which enabled them to instantly move to a certain distance away.
「What are you talking about? The enemies are already—」
The moment Kaltovich was about to declare the annihilation of the enemies, the shrine vanished. The place where the shrine had been at had already been gouged out of the ground. A space with nothing in it. However, there were two shadows that unnaturally existed there.
「I’d never have expected that a human could invoke third-order magic. I do think that’s quite a feat, but it was an eyesore so I had no choice but to extinguish it.」
「No way…, Impossible….」
Given the fact that the enemy’s foothold was still intact, it was easy to imagine that they had performed some sort of technique to isolate her magic.
The problem was how it was possible to pull off such a feat. The most likely answer was the seventh-order magic — Magic Isolation. However, in most cases, all Magic Isolation could do was drastically reduce the power of attack magic. To completely isolate a magic, one would need an enormous amount of magical energy as well as excellent magic controlling ability. Moreover, that was possible only if it was isolating a low-level attack magic. There were only a few precedents of completely isolating mid-level magic or above. Thus, she couldn’t even begin to imagine the extent of magical energy and magic control needed to completely isolate a third-order magic.
And what was even more problematic was the technique used to extinguish the materialized shrine of light. All she could imagine was the sixth-order magic, Magic Dispersal. Unlike Magic Isolation, should this magic succeed, it was possible to completely erase the targeted magic. However, the higher-order the target magic was, the more magical energy required. Not to mention, the higher the order of the magic, the lower the chance of success. Wherein, against a third-order magic, the chances of success were slim to none. It was indeed possible to increase the probability of success by pouring more magical energy into it, but it was hard to imagine how much was needed to ensure the elimination of a third-order magic. It probably exceeded the amount that could be gathered through magic ritual. It was a scale that was no longer worth considering.
The monster in front of her was the one who had managed to pull off such seemingly impossible things one after another. Kaltovich couldn’t help but simply stood there frozen, unable to process the reality in front of her.
