Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 15 part 2.

And for some reason, the skeleton spoke in a samurai-like tone. The winged beauty was chasing after it with her sword laid bare. Seeing the scene, Tanaka stood there dumbfounded. As his body shook and trembled not from excitement, Tanaka squeezed out his words.
「There are so many things I want to retort about, but first of all… give it back! Give me back my heartthrobs from a moment ago!」
Tanaka howled to the heavens. In response to Tanaka’s shout, the skeleton turned its attention towards him.
「Oh! What a coincidence to meet you in a place like this-degozaru! By any means, please save me-degozaru!」
The skeleton made a beeline toward Tanaka in joy. It also didn’t fail to bring along the winged beauty whose sword was at ready in her hand. Seeing the two coming towards his way, Tanaka fell into panic.
「Whoa! Stay away from me! Why are you the one being pursued anyway?! It’s usually the other way around!」
「I don’t know-degozaru! She suddenly came attacking me out of nowhere-degozaru!」
The thoughts of leaving them alone and running away did cross Tanaka’s mind. However, he felt sorry for the skeleton, who was desperately seeking for his help, so he decided to try mediating them for the time being.
「Please calm down a bit, Miss. How about calming down first, and then…. Whoa!」
The winged beauty suddenly attacked Tanaka, too. Tanaka pulled out his sword in reflexes and deflected her attack. The skeleton immediately positioned itself behind Tanaka, and used him as a shield.
「You fool! Don’t frigging use me as your shield! That’s why you’ve always been a skeleton!」
Tanaka complained to the skeleton behind him while defending against the attack from the winged beauty. He was in panic, so the content of what he was saying was somewhat incoherent.
「I was born just a while ago-degozaru.」
The skeleton responded to Tanaka calmly, perhaps feeling a little relieved since it now had Tanaka as its shield. Naturally, it continued to keep its position behind Tanaka.
「What?! You were just born, you say? As expected, the babies of this world are all monsters, after all. Or rather, stop using me as your shield damnit!」
Tanaka was once again reminded of the horror of otherworld babies. At the same time, however, he also continued to deflect the attacks that were coming at him from the winged beauty. For the time being, Tanaka thought about putting a stop to the fight first. So he decided to appeal to the winged beauty that he was not an enemy.
「Miss! Hey, calm down a bit! I get it! I get it, alright! It’s that right? You’re pissed off at being called a generationalist, aren’t you? This uncle understands, alright! You youngsters aren’t at fault! I totally understand that it’s all the fault of those adults, whose heads are filled with nothing but flower bed, who introduced this generationalism thing, alright!」
Tanaka desperately tried to persuade the winged beauty, but she turned a deaf ear to his words.
「She isn’t listening at all, damnit! Just what the hell did you do?!」
Tanaka protested to the skeleton behind him as he continued to defend against the attacks of the winged beauty. He was angry at the skeleton who had always been keeping its position behind his back.
「I didn’t do anything at all-degozaru. As I was standing in a daze after being born just a while ago, all of a sudden this woman came attacking me-degozaru.」
The skeleton kept on insisting that it was the winged beauty who came attacking it all of a sudden.
「Nuoooo! I don’t really get it, but… this isn’t good. This isn’t good, you know?! You may have your own reason for doing it, but how about telling this uncle about it first?! Or rather, I’m totally unrelated to this all, aren’t I? I’m only being used as a shield, alright? So why do you keep on attacking me?! At least leave my vitals alone!」
Tanaka protested to the winged beauty, who continued to shower him with sword attacks precisely on his vitals. However, there didn’t seem to be any change in her expression in the slightest, as she simply continued to come at him with an emotionless look on her face. As expected, even Tanaka began to feel angry about it all as well.
「Cut it out already! Don’t get cocky just because you’re a little pretty! Even this uncle works very hard, you know! Everyone works very hard to support the various burdens they shoulder! So stop being so mad just because someone gossiping behind your back!」
Tanaka got heated up in protests. Because of that, he even involuntarily let out loud his past trauma. Paying no heed to Tanaka’s words at all, the winged beauty continued to attack him without mercy.
「Damnit! Why don’t you cut it out already?! Now that it comes to this, secret sketchy punishment technique! Water.」
A huge body of water suddenly appeared overhead. It was so sudden that even the winged beauty involuntarily ceased her attack. The skeleton was simply dumbfounded. Tanaka was in panic.
「Gya, I was so flustered that I messed up my magic control! Buha!」
Then, the three of them were swallowed up and swept away by the torrent of water. Tanaka couldn’t do anything about it and simply let himself continue being swept along for a while. When the current subsided, the skeleton was there by Tanaka’s side.
「What was that just now-degozaru? I was surprised-degozaru.」
The quickly recovered skeleton expressed its amazement at the magic, which Tanaka invoked just a while ago, in a carefree tone. Ignoring the gozaruing skeleton, Tanaka let out a murmur.
「In the end, no template development, no sketchy beauty, but yes this strange thing….」
Tanaka was devastated with shock. The skeleton protested as it seemed to have heard Tanaka’s mutterings.
「Treating me like a strange thing, that’s rude-degozaru. I am a newborn, nameless skeleton-degozaru.」
The skeleton puffed out its bare bone chest as it appealed itself.
「I see. Then from now on your name is Suke.」
While still lying down on the ground, Tanaka casually gave it a name.
「Ho, it’s a pretty good name-degozaru. I like it-degozaru.」
The skeleton seemed to really like the name Tanaka had randomly given it. It appeared to be quite a good-natured skeleton.
「Yeah, it’s the abbreviation of the skeleton that I get to see instead of the sketchy beauty.」
Tanaka, who failed to read the mood, revealed the origin of the name to the honestly happy skeleton.
「That’s cruel-degozaru! I’d like you to keep the origin of the name to yourself-degozaru!」
The skeleton began to desperately complain to Tanaka about it. However, it seemed to be really fond of the name as it didn’t ask him to give it another name.
「Yeah, got it alright, now calm down a bit. I’m currently on my way to Nanashi town, which is further north from here. That’s why, for the time being, let’s head to the town first, Suke-san.」
Thus, Tanaka obtained a partner and resumed heading to the Nanashi town.
Name: Suke
Level: 1     Experience: 0/100
Vitality: 60.00/60.00    Magical energy: 70.00/70.00
Strength:6.00        Dexterity:6.00        Agility:8.00
Intelligence:7.00    Spirit:7.00
Skills: none
Equipment: None
Money: none
