Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 51 Part 1.

Looks Like You’ve Invited Me To A Rather Interesting Place
The quiet battlefield – a large number of the kingdom’s soldiers had collapsed and were incapable of fighting thanks to the efforts of Yashichi and Toby earlier. However, the number of the kingdom soldiers who were still capable of fighting was by no means few. And yet, in spite of the large number of people there, the battlefield was so quiet.
Yes, the area was dominated by an unnatural silence. The cause of this was a person who wielded an unknown mystery. A man of unfathomable and overwhelming power, Tanaka.
Unable to take his eyes off of this man, General Red was in a state of confusion. He wondered why he was being cornered. What the hell was this monster?
And Tanaka, the man in question, was just as confused as General Red was. It was a rare case where he was eager for some actions, but his sword had been sponged off of him. He couldn’t understand what in the world he was thinking back then.
Everyone on the battlefield had fallen to a standstill. As if trying to make this frozen world move again, there was someone who appeared while shouting loudly.
「 Sir! This warden Muchisuki is hereby reported his return…! 」
With resounding echoes of his steps, Warden Muchisuki emerged from the underground entrance. Behind him, his beloved pets were following him. While Tanaka and the others were fighting, he had left the battlefield to retrieve his pets that had fallen deep underground. And then, the one who appeared behind the pets was a slender human who looked totally unfit for battle.
「 Geez, what a rough slave driver you are…. Oh, well, very well. Looks like you’ve invited me to a rather interesting place. 」
He was a misfortune man who had been forcibly dragged out of his laboratory by warden Muchisuki and was forced to help him search for his pets. The man, who had shown up without even trying to hide his dissatisfaction, changed his attitude as soon as he arrived here. No, to be precise, it was the moment he laid his eyes on Tanaka. The man who stepped onto the battlefield with an eerie smile on his face was Cassius, a man whom Tanaka had a deep destiny with.
「 Oh! You’ve finally returned, warden! 」
General Red shouted with joy, a complete change from how he was just a moment ago. It was because he had high expectations of the pets commanded by warden Muchisuki. The invincible formation that combined physical and magical resistance. With this force, they would surely be able to suppress even this monster. It was by no means strange for General Red to think as such.
「 I’m sorry for being so sudden, but take care of that man standing in our way! 」
「 Yes sir! 」
Warden Muchisuki responded in high spirits. He seemed as though not tired in the slightest even after running to this place. As far as he was concerned, that was a natural reaction, however. Because, the battle against Tanaka. That humiliating ending had left him raging with anger.
「 Cecily! Suzanna! Devour him for real this time! And beware of his strange tricks! 」
While he was by no means the best, he was still a top-notch monster tamer nonetheless. He had no intention of suffering from the same trick twice. He gave his pets instructions in a calm manner that didn’t seem to be influenced by his anger in the least.
Seeing the approaching Dlime and Dlime, Tanaka stood in wait for them calmly. In contrast to the previous battle, his face was brimming with confidence.
「 How foolish…. Don’t you even understand the absolute law that resurrected monsters will all be weakened? 」
Tanaka floated a fearless smile. A huge blade of light appeared from his hand. The body of highly-condensated magical energy, with plasma flying about around it, swiftly mowed down horizontally. That single attack, which was unleashed without even taking a proper stance beforehand, magnificently bisected Dlime and Dlime.
「 Cecily! Suzanna! 」
The scream of warden Muchisuki echoed in the arena.
「 No. no way…. 」
Witnessing the devastating defeat of the two right in front of his eyes, General Red was also stunned.
There was no such a thing as perfection in this world. Even the so-called perfect resistance of Dlimes, there were limits to them. Within the common sense scale, they might indeed be worthy to be called perfect resistances. However, expecting common sense from Tanaka was fundamentally impossible.
Flame beyond common sense that could extinguish even water, water beyond common sense that could even cut rock to pieces, rock beyond common sense that could stand against wind for eternity, and wind beyond common sense that could extinguish even flame along with its spark. The man who could turn these absurdities into reality. That was what Tanaka was.
However, even in the face of such a beyond common sense devastating scene, there was a lone person whose heart did not waver in the slightest. It was the mad researcher Cassius.
「 As expected of the Evil god. Something on this level could never do anything to you. 」
And then happily said so.
「 However, it’d be troubling otherwise. This I–, have abandoned by faith–, bet my everything–, and even defy that personage in my vow! 」
General Red’s angry roar reverberated at this out-of-place behavior of Cassius.
「 What are you laughing for, Cassius?! Now is the time for you to display your dubious so-called research result! Why do you think I bought you from the religious Order and the Kingdom’s upper echelons who had no use of you anymore?! 」
Not long after the end of the civil war in the western part of the continent, the Purin Kingdom’s army marched westward. That operation was an expedition that was proposed by an upper echelon of Purinism, Cassius. And then, despite the success of capturing the impregnable fortress, the final result was a disastrous defeat. It was such a devastating defeat where the more than a thousand monsters they had tamed thus far, along with the fortress they had occupied, were annihilated. The fact that there was no damage to the army as they had marched later could be said to be the silver lining of the accident.
Naturally, Cassius’ position was affected in a bad way due to it, as it had turned into a bit of a problem for both the kingdom and within the religious Order. Cassius’ failure was indeed great, but the benefits of his research were by no means small. Hence, while he was spared of being executed, he was deprived of his position. However, both the Kingdom and the religious Order had come to find his presence undeserving.
It was under such circumstances that General Red came into play. General Red wanted the benefits of Cassius’ research, and Cassius wanted a place to further his research. And then both the Kingdom and the religious Order readily accepted this proposal, which could be seen as a delegation of power. As a result of their respective intentions conforming to each other, they came to the conclusion of removing the troublesome figure from their midst.
Thus decided that Cassius was to continue his research in the Ketavanagh-O metropolis. However, by this point his research was no longer for the sake of the kingdom or for the religious Order. What lied in their stead was his revenge against the evil god who had denied his values. Combining the resources gathered by the metropolis and the experiment ground of a prison, Cassius attained a new power.
「 Kukukukukuku. How long have I waited for this day? O Evil God! Engrave it into your very being! My wisdom has surpassed that of the gods! I am the new supreme being! And behold! This is the one that will soon slaughter you! The new life form I have created! 」
The staff of domination was raised. Tanaka’s face was tinged with surprise. The design was somewhat unusual, but even Tanaka could tell that it was a powerful magic tool that could surely control the target.
「 That staff! … It might be kind of cool. 」
To that design that roused his chuunibyou soul, Tanaka-san leaked out his thoughts. At any rate, he had completely forgotten about the staff of domination. However, you mustn’t misunderstand. For sure Tanaka was by no means forgetful. Yes, it was just that Tanaka-san was simply too open-minded of a person. It was merely that while he was spotlessly flushing all of his past misfortunate events down the toilet, various important matters were flushed along with them as well.
Regardless of the heartthrob of such a Tanaka-san, the situation took a sudden turn. Roar-like earth tremor began to echo, and the battlefield shook to the point where it was impossible to stand still. Eventually, the ground rose up and a huge monster appeared, tearing it apart.
