Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 103 Part 1.

Trump Card
The three heroes looked up at the sky.
The shock waves that were being generated here and there in the sky showed how fierce the battle was. However, all they could perceive was the slightly visible shadows as the two sides collided, and the thunderous roars that reverberated through the air.
The only ones who were able to properly perceive the battle were Kaku-san and the God of Creation.
「How is the battle going?」
「I’d say it’s more or less an even match for the time being.」
Kaku-san straightforwardly answered Mikoto’s question. However, his expression looked somewhat gloomy.
「At this rate it’s going to be bad. That God of Destruction, it’s been interfering with the world for a while now. If the battle continues to drag on, he will eventually be unable to contend against it. And when that happens–」
The God of Creation foresaw the future of this battle. The future of Suke-san losing in the not so distant future.
「If you think that’s the case then I guess that is. It so pathetic of me for being able to do nothing but watch it happen.」
Yashichi said these words while looking up at the sky. His voice was quiet, but his clenched tightly fists spoke volume of his mortification.
「Stop blaming yourself like that. The opponent is just that bad. More importantly, Kaku-san, we don’t have much time left. It’d be dangerous if we don’t settle the battle here, so do you think you pull that off?」
「Yeah, but we can probably do it only once. Unfortunately, we haven’t fully mastered it yet. I bet we won’t be able to move for a while.」
「I see…, but have no choice but to have you do it to beat that guy.」
The next move will decide the fate of the world. As expected even the God of Creation seemed tense, as well.
「Geez, what hell of a task Tanaka has left us with. Just how much trouble does he think I and Suke-san has to go through to master this one.」
「Stop grumbling like that. I’m sure he did it in preparation for the eventuality. In fact, thanks to that we still have it as out last trump card, so we should really praise him for being such an admirable guy.」
「My friend has predicted that far ahead, huh. I see…, that reassuring gaze he showed back when he disappeared was meant to tell us about it, huh.」
While Tanaka was headed to the Imperial Capital by his lonesome, he had pushed over a random order to the Sukekaku duo. In order to realize his harem, it was originally meant to eliminate as many uncertainties as possible, but coming this far this plan had finally borne fruit. In a way that was different from its goal.
「Let’s go, Suke-san! Neo Muscle Rainbow!」
Something in the shape of a multicolored kaku-san rose into the sky. These high density energy bodies, which possessed various attributes, moved one after another to surround the Incarnation of Destruction.
「What a futile act.」
The Incarnation of Destruction swung its arm and eliminated the Kaku-sans simply by giving them a touch with its outstretched arm. Originally, the supposed to be exploding energy bodies should have been reduced to nothing the moment they got into contact, and be unable to amount to any attacks at all.
「Let’s see if it really is!」
The Kaku-sans moved simultaneously and charged at the Incarnation of Destruction. Just like before, the Incarnation of Destruction tried to eliminate them, but at that moment, they began to self-explode one after another. As the explosions continued in a chain-like manner, they lit up the sky like a second sun.
「Even if you did manage to land an attack, something of this level won’t amount to anything at all, you know?」
While continuing to receive explosions, which would be worthy to be called finishing moves in this world, the Incarnation of Destruction was receiving no damage at all.
Eventually, the chain of explosions ended and the sky regained its original appearance.
Wherein the Incarnation of Destruction was the overlapping figures of Suke-san and Kaku-san. As well as a gigantic light that was about to swallow it.
◇ ◇ ◇
In the past, when Tanaka and the others were being swamped by the enormous power they held, Suke-san’s steady power was the lynchpin of Team Tanaka.
However, as time passed, Tanaka and Kaku-san gradually polished their ability to control magic at will. As this happened, the difference in firepower between them and Suke-san became apparent.
When Suke-san tearfully brought up his concern about it to Tanaka, Tanaka came up with an idea. ‘In that case, why don’t you just become like Kaku-san?’, that was it–.
Then, in elation and enthusiasm, Tanaka really put it into action.
It was a matter of slightly before Tanaka was consulted by Echigoya about heading to the Imperial Capital (not a misprint).
After that…
「When Team Tanaka reunites again–, we will unite our force as one to slay the evil being.」
And, randomly leaving behind such a cool line, Tanaka departed alone to the Imperial Capital, as if running away.
After this and that, the two, who were left behind, tackled the task that had been thrust upon them. It was the training of Suke-san, who had newly become an apostle.
There might have been many readers who wondered why there was no status report in the afterword until this chapter. It was all a foreshadowing to prevent this spoiler.
It definitely was not because the author was struck with the idea of ‘calculating their status is such a pain’ or something, so please don’t misunderstand. As an author who has memorized multiplication to the ninth level, calculation is one of my strongest areas.
At any rate, in that and such a manner, Suke-san started to learn how to control his power under Kaku-san’s guidance. However, mastering the control of power was not easy, so just like how Tanaka and Kaku-san used to be, he spent hectic days discharging enormous power.
Along the way, inspired by the words Tanaka left behind, he truly gave it a try. The technique to slay an evil being.
The maximum output of power supplied by Tanaka.
Suke-san, who was still lacking in control, simply let loose the enormous energy.
Kaku-san, who was capable of controlling his power, as if wrapping the energy in both hands, added the energy he personally released into it.
He then gave direction to the accumulated high density energy and unleashed it.
「Secret Technique! Evil Crushing Fist Ascension – Rising Sun!」
A gigantic fist of light ascended to the sky. Getting enveloped by the light, the Incarnation of Destruction disintegrated.
「Impossible…, my body is….」
This is the most powerful blow in the world that can defeat the incarnation of the broken world now that Tanaka is not around.
Now that Tanaka was not around, this attack was exactly the strongest attack the world had to offer, capable of taking down the Incarnation of Destruction.
Suke-san slowly descended from that transformed sky.
Perhaps it was because of the effect of unleashing the strongest attack. Kaku-san, who had already released his human form, settled feebly atop Suke-san’s head. Suke-san in question also fell to his knees as soon as he reached the ground.
「As expected, looks like we still need more training to fully master this technique-degozaru.」
「That can’t be helped. Rather, I’m impressed that you managed to perfect it such an extent in such a short amount of time.」
God of Creation offered words of appreciation to the exhausted Suke-san.
「Nevertheless, what a terrific firepower.」
「Yeah, no matter how much of a monster it was, it wouldn’t be able to withstand such an attack.」
Kamui and Yashichi stared at the aurora created by the effect of the previous attack.
「With this the matter is settled for the time being, right?」
「Yeah, with this even God of Destruction—」
As the God of Creation’s words were cut there, Mikoto showed a puzzled expression.
「No way…, that attack should have without a doubt defeated it. And yet, its presence is still present….」
This was where Yashichi realized it.
「My friend once defeated that monster, but foresaw that it would appear again. And then, it reappeared just as he had predicted, and we defeated it again just now, but there’s no guarantee that that was the last incarnation!」
「You mean there are still other incarnations of Destruction?!」
The heroes braced their wounded bodies and put up their vigilance. However, it was all too late.
The one who was targeted by the Incarnation of Destruction was none of them.
