Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 95 Part 2.

「I, think it’s kind of cute.」
Mikoto involuntarily expressed such thoughts. She might be a Hero, but her opponents were the devil figures that took after the great demons. Her being charmed by them might be something inevitable. In fact, even the eyes of the young miss and the maid were glued to the hamster figures that suddenly appeared. Tanaka-san was also inevitably jealous due to it.
「Now then, I can’t tell their true identity, but at least I can tell this with certainty. That it is a fearsome design that will cause revolution in the art world.」
The one who answered as such with confidence was the Fashion Master, the Knight of Roses. Next to him, Nikumen was making the manga meat hot. Could the revolutionary proclaimed by the Fashion Master even take captive men? Nevertheless, your principle was too mysterious, Nikumen.
◇ ◇ ◇
「Haa, can’t you even think of the inconvenience of the people around you? This is why amateurs are….」
Tanaka, who had reappeared before they knew it, was performing an artistic good grief. Probably because his little man sense had inferred that he could boost his popularity with the hamster figures. It was a more intense good grief than usual.
「If I prolong this match any longer, it will only lower my evaluation. Let’s end it with the next attack.」
「What big words. Your strength was indeed unexpected. But don’t think I’ll go down that easily.」
「Kukuku, that’s pretty much the promised line of someone who’s about to lose. In light of your bravery, I’ll tell you. My name is Tanaka. The rightful heir to the world’s most powerful martial art, Karate. And then! What’s about to sink you into the ground is one of the three greatest secret techniques of Karate! Being defeated by this technique, which embodies the invincible legend of Karate, is not something shameful, so don’t worry.」
「Don’t underestimate me! There’s no reason to receive a big move when you know it’s coming!」
Ganash was clad in flames again. Greatly leaping backward to create some distance, he fired out flames like that of bullets.
「Fuhahaha, more! Come on, more! To also liven up the story, make it more flashy!」
Tanaka taunted Ganash while dodging the rain of flames.
「How dare you!」
Ganash accelerated the speed of his attack even further. However, he was unable to hit Tanaka. On the contrary, Tanaka was gradually closing the gap between them. And then–
「Wha!」
Tanaka suddenly appeared in front of Ganash. Even Ganash couldn’t hide his surprise at this. However, he did more than simply getting surprised. He unleashed a fist clad in flames toward Tanaka at once. However, this fist sent no feedback. Instead, what came back was a terrifying shock.
Its might as it pierced through his body convinced Ganash that it was indeed worthy of being called a secret technique. However, that was a misunderstanding. This attack was nothing but a kick to Ganash’s body in order to connect to the secret technique.
「Let’s go!」
What Ganash, who had managed to somehow keep his consciousness, saw was the figure of Tanaka soaring up towards him, who was blown away and fluttering in the air. He desperately lifted his arms, which had grown heavy due to accumulated damage, to guard himself.
However, Tanaka lightly passes by Ganash. Leaving the stunned Ganash behind, as if there was a foothold, Tanaka changed direction and flew toward Ganash again. Tanaka’s knee rammed into Ganash’s back, who was helpless in midair.
「Guaah!」
Blood danced through the air. Truly unavoidable. A sure-hit attack. However, even this attack was nothing more than a prelude to the secret technique.
「One of the three greatest secret technique of Karate!」
Tanaka’s body rotated backwards. It was a move that was only possible due to Tanaka’s ability to fly. I was the so-called backward roundhouse kick in karate. Tanaka’s kicking leg mowed down at the head of the defenseless Ganash, whose body was bent backward due to receiving a knee strike upon his back.
If the essence of the secret technique had been a kicking technique, his head might have been lopped off as it was. However, this technique was not a kicking technique. Tanaka’s leg, which seemed to be attacking, locked Ganash’s neck. The other leg locked Ganash’s thigh.
「Muscle Hurricane!」
The two of them began to spin as they were. Ganash’s back that was bent backward creaked even more. The vicious force created by centrifugal force easily blew away Ganash’s consciousness that he had maintained up to this point.
Tanaka’s special move, which he had just come up with, finally exploded. How fearsome, secret technique Muscle Hurricane. Let alone stopping, this attack whose speed increased even further was truly merciless. What arrogance!
Eventually, the rotation, which was beyond human comprehension, caused a huge tornado to descend on the arena. The spectators who had been watching the battle also fell into silence due to this unreal scene. Normally, the oncoming storm would have caused a commotion, but as the space was blocked by the ‘Great Sins Quartet Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta,’ not even a gentle breeze could be felt. Which on the contrary made it even more eerie that they could do nothing but stare at the spectacle in front of them.
Eventually, a shadow flew down from the giant tornado as if it were being thrown out. Tanaka magnificently landed on the arena. It truly was like ‘Swoosh!’. On the other hand, as the tornado vanished, Ganash’s body, which had been literally swung around, was stuck into the arena. His state wouldn’t make it strange if he were dead, but thanks to the ‘Great Sins Quartet Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta,’ he managed to somehow escape death.
This place had been turned into an undieable area thanks to Tanaka-san’s benevolent heart. For the readers who thought it was a gag correction here, please kindly reflect on it. It could be said that the powerful and cool Tanaka-san was impervious to gag correction.
Witnessing this dramatic scene, all the spectators must have perceived that the battle was over. However, this was where the drama began.
After performing a brilliant ‘Swoosh!’, as if didn’t how to stop, Tanaka continued to go ‘Swoosh!’ as usual. As if to show off, Tanaka continued to go ‘Swoosh!’. It might indeed be dramatic, but hadn’t he gone overboard with that ‘Swoosh’? Eventually, Tanaka, who had been going ‘Swoosh!’ even broke through the barrier of the ‘Great Sins Quartet Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta’. Rushing straight out of the area as he was, Tanaka continued to roll around on the ground due to excessive momentum. Due to how dramatic it was, the whole arena was in an uproar.
As the spectators were beginning to quiet down, Tanaka was still sprawled on the ground.
After a while, Tanaka finally started to move, but his movements were sluggish and feebly trembling like that of a newborn fawn. Just as he finally managed to lift his body, his movements stopped.
「My eyes are spinning, I’m feeling….」
The next moment, a violent reversal. The man embodied a dirty waterfall and a dirty rainbow. Seeing this, the audiences were lost for words. Thus, the curtain of the battle with the destiny of the Empire at stake was closed with the grand ending of Tanaka’s defeat of going out of bounds.
