Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 59 Part 1.

Whoo! What A Tomboy
「 Just as I thought that someone has appeared out of nowhere, these arrogant words. You seem to have quite a great confidence there. 」
Nawasuki, the demon tamer, remained undaunted even by the sudden arrival of the intruder. Her words might be polite, but annoyance could clearly be seen on her face at the man who had interfered with her plan.
「 Hmm, if you want to surrender, now’s your chance. 」
Tanaka was unusually acting in such a bold manner, but there was a reason for it. It was because there were those who were spectating this battle scene.
「 And, it’s been a while. Quite a great look you’ve got there now. 」
「 Yeah, and you sure like meddle in as always, don’t you? 」
Curryman replied to Tanaka’s greeting with a snide remark. But the joy upon their reunion was apparent in his expression. Was Curryman intending to compete with Kaku-san as a tsundere character?
At any rate, the existence of Curryman was the reason why Tanaka had been acting so boldly for a while now. An E ranker (thought Tanaka) he met in this kingdom full of low rankers, Curryman. The man was of the same rank as Tanaka, but based on their past clash, Tanaka believed that he was above him in terms of power level.
If it was an opponent that was evenly matched against this man, there was no doubt that he would have an easy victory. It was a moment when, as a super-elite in the world of little men, if Tanaka-san didn’t get carried away here, when would he get to?
「 Your acquaintance… perhaps? 」
Seeing the figures of the two, Nawasuki raised her vigilance.
Someone whom the pinnacle of the guild, an A ranker, chatted closely with. In fact, from the brief exchange of the two of them, it seemed as though this mysterious man was the one with a higher position. It could be said to be natural for Nawasuki to be on guard.
「 Let me give you a word of advice. Your chance of victory has practically gone. So you’d better surrender now for your own good. 」
Curryman replied to Nawasuki.
「 Even though you had been in such a panic until just a moment ago, quite a composure you’ve got there. Very well…, how long you can maintain that composure of yours. Let’s make sure of it! 」
As Tanaka continued to strike a cool pose, the conversation came to an end. And the battle commenced once again.
「 My cute pets, go tear that man to shreds! 」
The three demons that had stopped in front of Tanaka reacted to Nawasuki’s words and moved into attack at once.
Speaking of the got overly carried away Tanaka-san, he showed a relaxed expression in response to it. He suddenly raised one of his hands and snapped his fingers with a click. The way its sound was mostly drowned might be the sad nature of a man who bore the destiny of a little man he was.
And then, at the same moment as his fingers were snapped, the demons that were rushing toward Tanaka were instantly buried into the ground.
「 Wha! 」
Nawasuki couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise at the unexpected attack. Curryman was no less surprised by it, as he simply stared in a daze.
The waist-deep buried demons ceaselessly struggled to escape from it, but the holding ground didn’t seem willing to let them go. It was probably Tanaka’s kindness toward the controlled demons as he didn’t bury them completely.
Tanaka left the struggling demons alone and stepped forward.
「 Surrender. I promise I won’t take your life if you release the demons you control. 」
Tanaka was fully determined to win. Not satisfied with only the Erofus, he seemed to be intending to win over even his enemy, Nawasuki.
Nawasuki might indeed be dressed in such a gaudy manner, but her face was by no means bad. Age-wise, she seemed to be in her thirties, which was not a problem at all from Tanaka’s point of view.
Nonetheless, that greed as he tried to get his hands on anyone within his radar, even his enemy. He truly was a beast of a man as usual.
「 Oh my, how kind of you. But I suppose I’ll have to think about it a while longer before surrendering! 」
With a slight distance between them, Nawasuki flicked her whip and attacked Tanaka.
Completely unfazed, Tanaka took out his beloved sword in an instant and flashed it sideways. Receiving chantless enchantment, the cursed sword Death Abiagette displayed power beyond that of a sacred artifact.
The cursed sword precisely deflected the whip that, thanks to the centrifugal force of the flick, was moving at a speed unperceivable to the eyes. The whip vanished as soon as it got into contact with the cursed sword. Moreover, the forest swayed in the wind storm created by the flash of the cursed sword. It displayed enough firepower to make even Nawasuki falter.
「 This is the first time I’ve seen him fighting for real, but…, to think it’d be to this extent. 」
Curryman was overwhelmed by the unknown magic, the mesmerizing sword, and the palpitating sword flashes, all of it.
And at the same time, his chest was throbbing. To know that there was yet unknown power that was way above his. The figure of the man looked as though telling him to follow him, by bewitching him with his power.
「 Yeah…, I’ll follow you. And one day…, I’ll be sure to stand shoulder to shoulder with you. 」
The warrior, aiming for a higher heights, engraved his ideals in his heart anew.
On the other hand, the cornered Nawasuki. She cursed her lack of luck for getting faced with this strongest man.
She was originally doing it as a way to let off steam. Nawasuki did have become known as the best monster tamer in the kingdom, but the process was not something she desired. Muchisuki, someone whom with had trained under the same master, and always competed against in the past. It was only a month ago that he had suddenly missed in action along with the entire army that was protecting a certain city.
Showing off her prized monsters in front of the masses, she was intending to settle her long-standing rivalry with Muchisuki. And then made her debut as the strongest monster tamer in the Kingdom—however, those ambitions of hers had to vanish as an unfulfilled dream. Hence, the position of the kingdom’s strongest monster tamer rolled onto her lap on its own.
