Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 62 Part 2.

As someone who was once renowned as an indecisive man, Tanaka-san furiously racked his brains.
「No…, there’s an unblocked area with a route that might get us across. Whether we can actually cross it or not is another matter altogether, though.」
Curryman revealed a lifeboat. Though it didn’t seem to be such a sturdy boat.
「That way of saying is a way of saying that holds hidden implications. Just what do you have in mind?」
Kugel asked, leaving Tanaka behind. As an A-ranker, Curryman knew some information that was rarely known to the general mass. According to what he knew, they would soon be arriving at the area that was said to be the most rugged part of this mountain ranges.
This area where the mountains towered up steeply like a mountain of needles. It was said that there was a grand volcano that stood out from the rest. And it was said that, at the foot of this volcano, there existed a route that would somehow allow them to pass through.
However, as monsters which possessed fire-attributes were active in this area, it was said to have become a turf of powerful monsters.
「I see. So, if you have the power to force your way through these powerful monsters, you can pass through there.」
「Yeah, but the monsters in this volcano are no joke….」
It was said that in the past, a lot of the powerful people who were prominent even in the guild set out to subjugate the monsters in order to secure this route. However, as it was such an extremely difficult job, most of them ended up dropping out.
In the midst of this, they encountered an outrageous monster in this volcano. Faced with this flame-clad, ever changing shape-shifting abnormal monster, with the exception of one, everyone, whose body was already covered in wounds, wound up having no choice but to retreat. And then, the one who remained was said to have challenged the monster with the resolve to die.
「This information was an information that was brought by that man who fought to the end.」
「Oh, so he survived, huh. I thought for sure the ending would be something along the man never coming back.」
「Apparently, the monster healed the man, who was too badly injured and was unable to run away, and sent him to a nearby village.」
「It’s a good guy then! In that case, there’s no problem at all, isn’t it?!」
Tanaka-san retorted, as if to say, what had the matter beforehand all been about?
「No, like really, the monsters around there are totally no joke. It was said that monsters, which were on dangerous-level monsters even by itself, were swarming the area.」
「Then, do you think we can pass through them?」
The calm Kugel ascertained the most important point.
「If it’s just us then I think it’s not impossible, but it will be difficult if we take everyone along with us….」
「In that case, the answer is a no-brainer then, rejected.」
「Wait, there’s still a continuation about the monster story from earlier, it was said that it left parting words stating that for anyone who wants to pass through the mountain, they should consult with it first. If it’s only for a short while, it was said that it could do something about the monsters or something.」
「It’s a totally nice guy then! Why are you calling it a monster even though you know about that all?!」
「Well, I don’t know its name, after all.」
「At any rate, call it Uesama from now on!」
After some random and trivial questions and answers, the destination of Tanaka and the others was thus decided. Tanaka and the others continued to head straight northward toward the volcano where Uesama was waiting.
And then, half a month later, the group arrived at an area where they could finally see the volcano which was their destination. In the meantime, the number of their comrades had increased, the muscles had become more shiny thanks to Kaku-san’s training, and the close quarter fighter group had steadily gotten stronger, but there was nothing new about it. Of course, the event that Tanaka-san had been eagerly waiting for had not happened either–.
「So…, we’re the ones who are going to meet Uesama, huh?」
「We can’t afford to fail here, after all. In that case, we have no choice but to rely on you guys.」
The Threediots trio was about to depart with Curryman, the three Black Demon brothers, and the tribal patriarchs seeing them off.
「It’s a big responsibility-degozaru.」
「Stop showing such an anxious expression. Just leave it to us.」
Kaku-san gave the tribal patriarchs, who were showing anxious expression, encouragement in the Most Masculine pose. Incidentally, it was already prearranged that Tanaka’s nausea flared up there as well.
「But it’s really going to be okay, right? Uesama is really there, right?」
「It’s something that I heard from the guild, so I think it should be credible. Well, it seems to be something from more than a hundred years ago, though.」
「It’s something from such a long time ago?! Will it be alright? Will it really be alright?」
That gallant figure of his that seemed as though being in front of boiling water and saying, ‘Don’t push me, aright?! Absolutely don’t push me, alright?!’ was truly reliable.
「No then, we’re going to get going now, we’ll leave the rest to you!」
The three of them soared up with Levitation. Their figures disappeared towards the direction of the volcano in the blink of an eye.
「Speaking of which, there’s no need for all three of them to go, right…?」
The words of Kugel, who couldn’t even begin to understand Tanaka’s tenacious will that was tested to be softer than even a tofu, incidentally disappeared in the cold weather.
There were those who were observing the situation of such them from a distance.
「Report to the main group. We have discovered a group of monsters.」
It was the scout unit of the independent battalion of the Purin Kingdom Army. One of the members quietly left the unit to deliver the report. The rest of the unit continued to keep a watchful eye, concealing their presences. Awaiting the arrival of the main group….
