Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 69 part 3.

The closed space with flickering light was dyed in darkness. Mikoto amplified Merlin’s magic with the divine power – the power of the God of Creation – that had been protecting her. It was the power of a true God, capable of creating something out of nothing and returning everything to nothing.
It was the power of the end that would appear should the time come. A jet-black light that should not exist at the current time. Its radiance gradually expanded and filled the closed space. Finally, reaching its limit, the barrier of the highest level magic was unable to withstand this power anymore and shattered.
The raging generated scorching energy, violent pressure, as well as the monster, everything was reduced to nothing. And then, all that was left there was the scorched ground. That could be said to be the strongest attack that the two of them could muster up with all their might.
With disordered breath, Mikoto and Merlin simultaneously fell to their knees. All they could do now was restore their exhausted bodies. And then–
「Did that do it?!」
Ominous words spelled by Kamui. If Tanaka-san were here, he would have surely lost himself in blaming the handsome man at such a critical moment. It was because that line was forbidden words that must not be spoken in such a situation.
As if to prove it, an eerie tentacle sprouted out of the scorched black ground. The tip of the tentacle gradually swelled up, and eventually a flower bloomed. What appeared there was Cassius’ upper body.
「Wonderful! To think such kind of power is possessed by a hero.」
Such a way of talking like the one of his researcher days, talking in a mad tone with a big smile floating on his face, had returned. He joyfully observed the girl who was currently glaring at him, despite the rough breathing she was having.
「Everyone run!」
It wasn’t just the comrades who were fighting alongside her. These words were addressed to everyone, including the kingdom soldiers, who were watching this inhuman level battle from a distance.
Hope was no more. Speaking of what they could do now, it was to reduce the number of casualties as much as possible.
However, even such desperate cries of Mikoto would not be answered either.
「Hmm…, in front of such first class offerings, I don’t really care about those trashes, but perhaps due to these exercises, the currently me is somewhat hungry.」
The moment they thought that a vast amount of magical energy was swelling up from Cassius, the world turned gray.
「Oioi, what’s going on now? This is….」
Curryman involuntarily muttered as he cautiously raised his guard up. That was probably the question on the mind of everyone who was gathered there. And then, there was only one of them who had found the answer.
「This is…, don’t tell me, a barrier of Grand Magic – a power of miracle possessed by gods and spirits?!」
Merlin was astonished by the terrifying power that was eroding the world.
「Kukuku, I’m no longer going to let anyone get away now.」
All those trapped there were terrified by the cold smile Cassius showed.
「Now then…, let’s have you be the first offering. That power is too wasted on the hand of a mere hero, after all.」
Tentacles sprouted from the ground one after another.
That was right, even as he was being burned by the power of God, All Biter managed to escape underground. What managed to survive was just a small piece of flesh, but that was the main body of All Biter. It was the main body that had accumulated the enormous amount of energy it had continuously absorbed and the information of all the living beings it had taken in so far.
During this short period of time, it had been gradually eroding the matters around it and restoring its own body. And then, finally, along with tremors on the ground, the gigantic body of All Biter revived.
「Now then! Hand it over to me! That supreme power!」
A swarm of tentacles loomed towards Mikoto. In front of the future of the overly miserable end that would very soon befall her, all Mikoto could do was clench her teeth.
However, there appeared a shadow that jumped in between her and that despair.
「O divine shield! Unleash your true power!」
Kamui’s shield, raised with both hands, shone and a wall of light appeared in front of him.
「Kamui….」
「Hmm…, there’s no way we’ll ever hand over such dangerous power to a monster!」
With the power released by the divine shield, Kamui braced himself while gritting his teeth. There, All Biter’s tentacles came crashing. Along with the shockwave generated from their collision with the wall of light, unable to bear it, Kamui let out a voice of anguish.
「Kukuku, the one interfering is the other hero, huh. Interesting…, let’s see. Let’s have you display your power as well.」
The energy generated from magical energy turned into light and converged in front of All Biter.
「Do your best no to let me down.」
What followed after that murmur was thunderous roars and shock – the unleashed energy rushed toward the hero, like a meteor that crept on the ground. Due to the collision between the wall of light created by Kamui and the torrent of destruction, the world shook.
Those who could do nothing but watch from the sidelines in the face of such overwhelming power were unable to even see what was going on due to how bright the brilliance created by the clash of powers was.
How much time had passed? The torrent of light gradually subsided, and the outcome became clear.
Hero Kamui still existed for sure. Mikoto and Merlin, who were behind him, were also fine. It could be said that they managed to avoid the worst possible outcome. However…
A dry sound echoed through the area. It was the sound of the divine shield that had slipped off Kamui’s hand and fallen to the ground. Kamui himself fell to his knees right after. Managing to at least prevent himself from falling down with both of his hands somehow, Kamui repeated strained breathing.
As a result, everyone fell into despair. Something wielding attacks that even a hero, who boasted a sturdy body, could only withstand a single attack. That was the monster that was currently in front of them.
「Good grief…, the other hero is quite a let-down. To fall down without being able to even display any kind of power.」
Cassius stared at Kamui with eyes that had already lost interest.
「Well, he should at least be useful enough to ease this hunger, though.」
Tentacles stretched out from All Biter to seize him. Both Mikoto and Merlin, who were behind Kamui, were still too exhausted to move as well.
