Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 107 Part 2.

「–Hahahaha! You sure are awesome! As expected Boss didn’t acknowledge you for nothing!」
「Not at all, that’s just my friend being considerate of me being older. I’m nowhere near his level, after all.」
Curryman couldn’t hide his excitement at the appearance of a new powerful man. On the other hand, Yashichi was exceedingly calm.
Curryman’s twin swords flew about freely, attacking and trying to take a bite of Hero Yashichi. However, these fierce attacks were unable to reach Yashichi, who had seen through their movements. As the twin swords continued to countlessly cut nothing but air, a shadow appeared from the side–.
「Hey! Please think of cooperation for a bit!」
Even Hero Mikoto’s sharp thrust, her attempt of surprise attack from the side, was easily evaded by Yashichi.
「My bad. I just couldn’t help but be overjoyed to know that that there are still many other powerful people, you see.」
Curryman said those words of apology, but the smile was still hanging on his lips.
「You’re as muscle-brain as usual, huh—Hoi!」
Here, interjecting from the rear, the Great Sage Merlin created a fissure in the ground. As the ground below the three of them shook, they lost their footing.
As if coming to an agreement, the three of them simultaneously jumped away from that place.
「As expected, he won’t let himself get caught so easily, huh.」
「Geez! Can’t you even put out situation over here into considerations?!」
To Marlin, who was watching Yashichi’s reaction in an easy going manner, Mikoto replied with a yell.
「Hmm, you guys sure are close. I don’t mind if you come at me one after another just like that, you know?」
「In that case!」
Kugel, rushing in head on, gathered magical energy on his fist. Just as they thought that he would attack with that sturdy fist of his, he struck the ground before he even reached Yashichi.
The sand and soil flew about as if there was an explosion.
In order not to get caught up in those, Yashichi was about to step back, but Hero Kamui was awaiting him there.
「Haa!」
A full power attack from overhead. But that huge action was a decoy to attract Yashichi’s attention. Timing themselves with that attack, the little girl duo, Tetujin and Torte, attacked from the dark curtain of sand and soil.
As a result, Yashichi ended up receiving the attacks from the three at the same time, but just as these attacks were about to reach him, he disappeared from their sight in an instant.
「That attack just now was pretty good.」
Yashichi raised a voice of appreciation from a slightly distant place.
「Oioi, for real? Does that he can still go even faster?」
Witnessing Yashichi’s movement, Curryman displayed an exasperated expression, but he also looked somewhat happy.
「Curse you…. Moving so ceaselessly.」
On the other hand, having her attack evaded, Torte glared at Yashichi in mortification. Next to her, who ended up basking in sand and soil, there was also the figure of Éclair who was doing her best to brush them off.
「Eei, now isn’t the time to be bothered by something like this. More importantly, why don’t you cooperate, as well? If we can’t land even a single attack on him, you won’t have anything for dinner tonight, alright?!」
「No way!」
Getting her care for the young miss postponed, combined with the premonition of even losing her meal, Éclair fell into despair.
Watching these scenes from a distance, Ganash grumbled.
「The training over there suits me better, though.」
「Now, now, this can’t be helped-degozaru. Being unable to wield the power of God well will be such a waste, after all-degozaru.」
The two of them, Ganash and Suke-san, continued to light the ignition flame side by side. This was simple magic in itself, but their training was to clad this flame with the power of God.
「I get it. I just wanted to grumble because it’s not going too well. Besides, I’m also well aware that this power is essential. I don’t want to repeat the humiliation of losing consciousness in the face of the Incarnation of Destruction.」
「Well, I’ll be there as support, so I think everyone will more or less be able to fight, but when push comes to shove, I’ll probably have to personally participate in the battle myself. Should that happen, the only ones who can fight will only be me and Suke-san, who are receiving the power of God from Tanaka. The three heroes who came from another world. And then you, who had received the blessing of the God of Creation, after all.」
The one who interrupted was Kaku-san, who had been overseeing their training.
At the moment, the place they were at was in the midst of the wastelands, a short distance from Nanashi town. As for why they were carrying out this kind of training there. It went back to after Tanaka had won the battle against the Incarnation of Destruction and left due to unavoidable circumstances.
The God of Creation informed the warriors present there about the battle against the God of Destruction that would occur in the near future. And then, about the likelihood that when the God of Creation and Tanaka headed for that battle, the incarnation of Destruction that had been lurking somewhere would take advantage of this opportunity to make its move.
The ones he entrusted the battle against this incarnation with were the world strongest people gathered there.
「Hmph! Acting all high and mighty as usual, aren’t we? Originally, let alone labor, you’re someone who’s supposed to receive heavy punishment, you know? Why don’t you stop wasting your time talking and learn to use the powers already?」
「I’ll do it even without you needing to tell me to. Rather, don’t you think that you should just go back to your dwelling? What that level of power, you’ll only drag everyone down, after all.」
「What did you say?」
The relationship between Torte and Ganash was the same as usual. Seeing this, Mikoto promptly came to mediate.
「Hey, hey! Why are you two always so quick to fight like that?!」
Mikoto seemed to have a hard time as usual.
And so, with this and that, the warriors continued their training in a lively manner.
