Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 98 Part 2.

「—to challenge Morinaga, what a reckless bunch those guys are.」
In a place slightly distant away, Ganash was staring at the four people who were fighting against Morinaga’s apostles.
「Quite a condescending attitude you’ve got there. Before moving your mouth, how about standing up first. The cause of this chaos is you, after all.」
The one who raised such a complaint to Ganash, who was unable to get up after receiving an attack from Morinaga, was Torte, who had rushed to this spot. Next to her, Éclair was also closely accompanying her.
「Hmph, back at you, acting so high and mighty. Nevertheless, what have you come here for, little girl? If I die here, wouldn’t you become leader of demon race?」
「Don’t belittle me. I have no intention of taking lead of the demon race in such a manner!」
「As so very expected of you, young miss.」
Torte threw out her nonexistent chest, while her attendant Éclair was moved by it. As for what it was that had made Éclair’s heart flutter, I’d refrain from mentioning it here.
「To begin with, if we leave Morinaga alone as it is, doom will surely befall the demon race before long. In that case, there is only one thing to do. We have to bet on the possibility of those Heroes.」
「It doesn’t seem to be a pretty reliable possibility, though.」
Ganash stood up. The destination his legs brought him toward was the battle in front of him.
「Very well. For now, I shall turn into a sword solely to bring down Morinaga and its apostles.」
Grasping the cursed sword Bundam tightly, his steps turned into a run.
「Let’s go, Eclair! We can’t afford to lag behind that buffoon.」
「Yes!」
The three demons heading toward Morinaga’s apostles was the sign for the beginning of battle. Morinaga’s side held the advantage in terms of number, but as a number of apostles were stationed as Princess Lala’s bodyguards, it turned into a fight of an almost equal number.
From the point of view of human’s standard, Heroes’ side could be said to be of the strongest class, but as expected against apostles, it was clear that they were forced into a close battle. In addition, not only was their magical energy capacity on another level, they were opponents who invoked chantless magic as natural as breathing.
However, leveraging the specialities they possessed, the Heroes side was able to overcome this disadvantage. Overwhelming speed possessed by Hero Yashichi. The firepower of Ganash who possessed the cursed sword Bundam. And then, the author, who didn’t care about the portrayal of anyone but Tanaka-san. With all of it getting intertwined, the battle leaned toward the victory of the Heroes side.
◇ ◇ ◇
『If you are so insistent on standing against me, then I shall show no mercy even if you are the true hero. 』
Morinaga, who had been watching the battle of the Heroes side from the sidelines and had shown no movement until then, finally moved. Noticing it, the Heroes side took some distance from the apostles and raised their vigilance. In particular, they couldn’t afford to have Kamui’s body stolen. Yashichi and Mikoto readied themselves to be able to activate the power of the God of Creation at any time.
The pressure from Morinaga intensified by another level. This supernatural power caused the body of a single human to flutter through the air.
「Huh…?」
Princess Lala was confused by the suddenness of the situation.
『There was a large number among royalties who had intermingled with my apostles. So as their descendant, you should be pretty compatible with me. 』
「I, I—」
Princess Lala’s body was swallowed up by the light dragon as she was. Before long, the light emitted by the body of the light dragon intensified even more. The dragon form began to gradually lose its shape, and turned into a simple dazzling light that shone in the sky.
A single shadow stirred in the center of it. It was the body of Princess Lala that was floating in midair. Six pairs of twelve wings emerged from her back. Those wings were pure white and displaying beauty that seemed as though emitting radiance. Her once tied up hair was now untied and wavy with gold. Her body, which still had some semblance of girlishness, lost its vestige, and instead transformed into a womanly figure.
「For it to turn into a form that’s easier to cut, how kind of it.」
「Stop talking nonsense. This power emitted from that guy. It’s wholly incomparable to the previous one.」
Ganash was putting on a brave front, but just as Torte said, the situation had clearly deteriorated. The power they sensed from Morinaga was increasing even further.
『O foolish insects. Feel free to disappear along with the whole of this land. 』
Enough energy to destroy the entire Imperial Capital was swung down towards the ground. The falling down ray of light. The energy that reached its critical point turned into an explosion.
「This is as expected—」
Yashichi, with composure borderline resignation, perceived how impossible it was. And then, the sky was dyed with dazzling light. However, what followed after was no thunderous explosion, but the sky reverting back to its original blue color in an instant.
Floating in the four directions were four great demons. They were shaking with their eyes spinning, but they were undoubtedly the devil figures that had appeared in the battle against Ganash.
And then, the one who soared in between Morinaga and the Heroes side as if to protect them was this man. The man whose soul was startled by the development of a dragon turning into a beautiful woman that was unbecoming of this work, Tanaka.
「Phew, sorry to keep you waiting.」
Even now Tanaka’s was still showing a not so good complexion. However, he knew. That getting injured in a sports manga was the orthodox path. And that it was the duty of the main character to settle the match with a drive shot in spite of it.
Go, Tanaka! The real match started at the ninth inning with three outs!
