Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 96 Part 1.

The Legendary Dragon
One was unconscious. The other one was vomiting, and the arena was in an uproar due to such a grand conclusion. In addition, what was going to happen from there on? At the situation that was beyond everyone’s expectation, only time passed by in vain.
「… At, at any rate, with this the matter is settled, right?」
「You’re right. As expected, in such a state, even Ganash won’t be able to do anything. Rather, if it were me, I won’t be able to show my face in the public again due to embarrassment after such a conclusion.」
The ones who were having such a conversation were Mikoto and Torte. The fact they didn’t directly touch the unsightly behavior of a certain someone was probably due to their kindness.
「Secret technique Muscle Hurricane, huh. What a fearsome technique.」
「Yes, as expected it isn’t called the strongest for nothing. I’d even love to see the others secret techniques as well.」
On the other hand, Yashichi and the Knight of Roses were passionately discussing the strongest martial arts karate. Next to them, there was also the figure of the incessantly nodding Nikumen. When it came to these men, they might really not see Tanaka-san’s unsightly behavior that had been taking place.
And then there was someone staring at the arena with a serious expression, Eclair.
「Young miss. I think I’d like to have those awe-inspiring devil figures as the souvenir of our visit to the Imperial Capital. Therefore, I would like to ask you to return all of my fortune that I have entrusted to you.」
As she said this, Éclair snappily took out a child’s allowance book from her pocket in a cool manner. The figure of her being swiftly slapped on the head and given a lecture, was the figure of a junk maid that would not be embarrassing to be displayed anywhere.
◇ ◇ ◇
「—what the hell are you doing? Just when I thought you began to fight on your own volition, but for it to end with a defeat that’s hard to tell how to take. That’s just unbelievable.」
「…, n, nice retort, Toby.」
The fact that Toby’s first words as he drew near to Tanaka was a retort, for sure as a performer himself Tanaka was satisfied with it. However, now was not the time for that. Tanaka-san, whose creative urge to create waterfalls knew no bounds, started his creation again.
Toby sighed at such a state of Tanaka. However, gradually, the weather began to turn bleak.
「Somehow, looking at it is also starting to make me sick….」
「Y, you, for you to let out a joke in such a situation…. I’ll absolutely not let it off, alright?!」
Unexpectedly, the two of them started to fight for position as performers in this critical situation. What an astonishing performer’s spirit. As if disregarding such an unsightly dispute, Imperial Princess Karin expressed her thanks to Tanaka.
「Thank you. Now that the leader is defeated, the only move they have left is something along vain struggle at most. I don’t think there is anyone else who possess strength to the extent of that man, after all.」
Normally speaking, at such a critical moment, he would have demanded that and such a thing, using favor as a shield, but the current Tanaka-san had no leeway for that. Perhaps this was also the fate of the blood of a venerable plebeian. Having no time to even look at the rare smile of the Imperial Princess, he continued to strive on his creative work.
「What do you mean by leader? Do you mean that guy’s—」
Toby gasped. It was because, at the end of his sight, he noticed that Ganash’s body, which was stuck into the arena, was moving.
「Y…, you. I never expected to meet such an extent of a monster…. However, I can’t let it over yet.」
Ganash put his hand into his pocket and took out a small crystal. It might be limited only to short distances, but it was a magic tool that allowed one to transfer somewhere else.
「Should I feel fortunate for obtaining that thing? Or should I lament my bad luck for encountering a monster. Kukuku, nevertheless, what an unsightly outcome.」
Activating the metastasis magic tool, Ganash’s figure disappeared from the arena.
「H, he has escaped. What do we do now?!」
It was a state born from Tanaka-san’s gag correction, rather benevolent heart.
「To think he’s still able to move even after receiving such an extent of attack…. But still, it’s not good. If we leave that man alone just like that, he will surely bring about calamity to our country again.」
Karin lamented her blunder for not giving out order of Ganash’s arrest as a top priority. And then, her fears were something that would be soon realized.
◇ ◇ ◇
「—Ganash-sama!」
Ganash’s transfer destination was the ceremonial hall at the end of one’s sight. His subordinate Stored rushed over to the injured Ganash. In contrast to the demons whose tension was increasing, another air was drifting among the Imperial Family and nobles who were being held captive.
「Who in the world is that?」
Despite the fact that Ganash had transfered there, Vinta Haru XIV remained focused on the unknown man near his beloved daughter.
「There’s no need to worry about him. He is an acquaintance of mine.」
「My God! For you to have invited such a man. Even as a child of mine, what a great foresight.」
「You are mistaken. Even I never expected that things would escalate to such a situation.」
Echigoya responded without taking his eyes off Tanaka. Although he was trying to act calm in order to reassure the people around him, he was honestly surprised by the ever beyond common sense-ness Tanaka displayed.
However, he couldn’t afford to remain surprised. He couldn’t afford to let this opportunity that Tanaka had especially created slip by. Echigoya turned his attention back to the movements of the demons and looked for an opportunity to escape.
「After talking so big, so unsightly, isn’t it?」
「Quickly healing—」
「It’s fine, now that things have reached this point, my condition doesn’t really matter. But the wish of the demon race ought to continue. Storen! Retrieve that」
「At once!」
What was brought out under Storen’s order was a tightly sealed box. Ganash opened the box without the slightest hesitation. At that moment, a power that overwhelmed everyone in the area was released.
◇ ◇ ◇
