Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 42 Part 3.

「 Who in the world are you guys…? 」
Such a question was all that came out of his mouth. Hearing his question, Tanaka showed a fearless smile and replied.
「 In this world, where unreasonableness and tyranny are running rampant–. To cut off the sorrow of the people, the messengers of destruction hailed from the darkness–. People call us–. 」
Team Tanaka lined up and struck a cool pose, all three of them.
「 Ultimate Imperial Darkness Eternal Chaos Heroic The Great Formula Maximum…. 」
「 That’s too long! 」
Murgai couldn’t help but let out a retort. After that, Tanaka’s delusions continued to run out of control endlessly. The confused Murgai was unintentionally swept away, leading to the conversation at the beginning.
◇ ◇ ◇
Even now, Murgai could not believe the occurrence that had just happened in front of his eyes. However, right now he was on the back of the dragon turtle.
He had no choice but to admit it. This overly idiotic mood. The people responsible for creating said mood. They were the ones who had accomplished this feat.
「 I’m telling you, that’s not it. Don’t worry too much about theories and such trivial matters. It’s just the feeling! Like, in this kind of fwoosh feeling, then you go zazap— 」
「 I see… Fwoosh and zazap, right-degozaru? 」
In front of him, an incomprehensible magic lesson was taking place. They were existences that were completely beyond Murgai’s understanding. This was because soon after such a discussion, one of the comrades, who was called Suke-san, floated and began to swim in the air….
「 Phew, as expected of me. That was a very spot-on advice. 」
「 Not bad. 」
Tanaka and Kaku-san chatted in a casual manner as they watched Suke-san swimming in the air. Suke-san truthfully was a genius.
It could be said to be inevitable for Murgai to get lost in the swirl of confusion as he was faced with such kinds of people.
◇ ◇ ◇
「 Oh. A merchant from Haru Empire, huh. 」
「 Yes, they are quite popular in the village, you know? They hunt a lot of monsters. I don’t know where they get them from, but they even have some amazing materials. 」
In a certain room at the Baron’s mansion, Baron Almond and Shijimi were enjoying a chat. They appeared to be in the middle of something akin to a modest tea party.
「 I don’t know how it happened, but they ended up staying at Murgai’s house. I was nervous at first. But now it seems that even the misanthropist Murgai has completely shaved down his edge. 」
「 That’s good to hear. I’ve also experienced a lot of trouble due to his misanthropy tendency, after all. But if that’s the case, it looks like the ritual for replacing the barrier will go more smoothly than expected. 」
Baron Almond expressed his joy in an exaggerated gesture. The mood turned slightly goofy. Perhaps it was the wall of social status difference between the two. His action was probably a calculated move to break through this wall. Shijimi had completely lost her sense of caution toward the human authority.
「 Oops, it’s getting late. Let’s call it a night then. 」
「 What a shame. Time flies so quickly when I’m with you. 」
「 Me too. We’ll be able to meet again later when we’re carrying out the ritual for replacing the barrier, but I’m afraid I’ll be very busy with work until then. 」
The Baron rang a bell, got up from his seat and took Shijimi’s hand. With a slightly flushed face, Shijimi followed the Baron’s escort.
「 I’ll set free some more time later when I’m done with work. So that we can leisurely spend time together. 」
In front of the door, the two of them snuggled up to each together, seemingly reluctant to part. Then, as if to interrupt the two, the butler appeared.
「 See you later. 」
「 Yes, see you later. 」
Led by the butler, Shijimi left the room. Once the door was closed, the Baron, who had come to the door to see her off, returned to his seat in a completely different manner than before. He rested his body roughly on his seat and let out a deep sigh.
「 Phew. Dealing with these lowly things sure is tiring. But just a bit more. Finally, my perseverance up until is about to bear fruit. 」
The Baron had already won the trust of the horned tribe. Perhaps it was because of his confidence. His face was bright despite his fatigue. Now it was just a matter of time. When the time came, his plan would definitely succeed. However, even the Baron, who was convinced of this, felt a touch of anxiety.
「 …. Merchant from Haru Empire, huh? Surely they aren’t after the horned tribe, are they? 」
The existences mentioned by Shijimi a moment ago. As far as the Baron was concerned, their appearances were uncalled for. Closing his eyes, the Baron submerged himself in the sea of thought.
「 No, I guess that’s unlikely. Their number is too few, after all…. In that case, later, I suppose it’s a good idea to lure them in with the scent of money, huh…. 」
The Baron’s face, which could be said to be good-looking, distorted unsightly.
「 Phew. You greedy merchant of the Empire… that’s right. While we’re at it, it may actually be better to just dispose of them altogether. 」
The unsightly face was colored with a disgusting smile.
「 Fufufu, I’m looking forward to it…. The dawn of the golden age of our barony. 」
The Purin Kingdom’s oppression of demons. Its gaze was finally turned toward the horned tribe. It also meant that Tanaka’s meager break time was about to come to an end.
◇
Name: Tanaka
Level: 58 Experience: 2812/5800 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 1.7e14/1.7e14 Magical energy: 3.7e14/3.7e14
Strength: 1.5e13 Dexterity: 1.6e13 Agility: 2.0e13
Intelligence: 2.8e13 Spirit: 3.2e13
Skills: Sword (3.58), Magic (5.98), Believed One (10.00), Dragon Slayer (7.74), Spirit Master (4.93), Chanting Omission (3.04), Multiple Chanting (3.12), Grand Magic (0.11)
Equipment: Sword, Cool summer clothes, Black Cloak II.
Money: 5154,000G
◇
Name: Suke
Level: 53 Experience: 1361/5300 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 1347/1347 Magical energy: 2388/2388
Strength: 583 Dexterity: 564 Agility: 867
Intelligence: 888 Spirit: 938
Skills: Lance (4.31) Magic (5.03) Dragon Slayer (7.05) Believed One (8.36) Chanting Omission (0.02) Multiple Chanting (0.01)
Equipment: Scythe, Black Robe, White Mask, Magic Gloves
Money: 100,000G
◇
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 65536/65536 Magical energy: 65536/65536
Skills ： Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.12) Apostle (4.93) Believed One (7.67)
