Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 57 Part 2.

「 I’ve anticipated this from the beginning, after all. Yes, that’s right. This is why I tried to challenge TESOU myself. Even so, for you to come to pick me up because you were worried about my safety…. Milady, I’ve been in your service for about ten years. I have never been feeling this happy before. As expected, it means that for you, Milady, I’m already an existence whom you can never be without, right? May I assume that you have recognized me as your trusted right-hand man? Yes, that’s surely it, Decided Face emoji. From now on, I will continue to fully devote myself to your service, Milady! 」
There, Eclair started to appeal herself with her nose flaring. Despite what she was saying, she continued to give off an aura of ‘praise me, praise me’. Torte thought.
「 Not good…, this girl. She seems to have lost more screws than ever. 」
And she then observed the man who was the source of the problem. The man who had been ingeniously sending flirtatious glances toward both Torte and Éclair for a while now.
「 It’s dangerous… He’s noticed Éclair’s junkiness, and for him to make her lose so many screws…. 」
Torte’s crimson eyes glowed mysteriously.
「 Who in the world are you? 」
Tanaka, who had been busy sending flirtatious glances, swiftly turned his body at once and struck a cool pose before replying.
「 My name is Tanaka–. 」
He revealed his real name. This meant that Tanaka-san was still in serious mode.
「 A gust of wind that continues its journey to save the souls of the unrewarded men. 」
「 What the, so you’re Lord Wind Spirit, huh? I did feel that your exceptional wisdom wasn’t something that mere sage could possess, but…. It seems that my intuition was right after all. 」
「 Shut up for a bit. 」
Brief words toward the butting in Eclair. No matter how much of a junk she had become, the one saying those words was still the master she had been serving for a long time. Keenly sensing the slight annoyance in her voice, Éclair switched to serious mode.
「 I’ve noticed at least that you’re no ordinary person. I’m sure you have also noticed that we’re actually demons, right? 」
A somewhat fishy flow. It was greatly turning away from the kyakya ufufu development that Tanaka was expecting. However, in its own way, it was a development that stirred Tanaka’s chuunibyou soul.
「 Hmm, looks like you’ve noticed it. Very well, I’ll tell you— 」
Tanaka soared up using levitation magic and spun backwards in a big circle. And then, with a swish, he landed on top of a nearby tree. There was no particular meaning to this action of his. If there was something to be pointed out, then it was because it was cool.
「 I am the jet-black wing that bears the fate of ruling all demons. I hereby declare that in the near future, all those who belong to the demons shall gather under me to build a new era. 」
In a cool pose, he shot through the heart of the beautiful girl. Or that was how things were supposed to be.
「 Oh, what great confidence you’ve got there. But it’s been a thousand years since the fall of the demon kingdom, will things go the way you want? 」
On the other hand, the other party was not swayed at all by Tanaka’s words.
「 I’m well aware of how difficult it will be! However, when my true power is awakened, even if gods stood in my way, none will be able to stop me. 」
Tanaka was overcome with excitement. He had even created such an attractive setting. Unleashing the parapsychology of dimensional mutation law ‘KOI’, he must have been convinced that no matter how much of a tsun she was, she couldn’t help but turn into a dere for sure. However, today’s Tanaka was unlike the usual him. Here, he attempted to unleash the final secret technique zero formula ‘NADEPO’ as the finisher.
Subsequently, Tanaka-san thought. This was the crossroad of destiny. If he had chosen the final secret technique second formula ‘NIKOPO’ here, a different future would surely have opened up….
That was right, in order to freely draw out his charm, Tanaka had moved his position to the top of a tree. Final secret technique zero formula NADEPO was a super close combat type technique. Unleashing it at this distance would be meaningless. This slightest carelessness, and agitation. The girl ended up making her move in the small space of time that was created.
「 Very well. I’m eagerly awaiting for that day to come. 」
Turning her body around, Torte gallantly departed the place. Eclair followed after her in a matter of course manner. The sheer magnificence of their departure showed no opening for any words to obstruct them. Even so, Tanaka didn’t give up and made a last-ditch attempt.
「 Ah…, wait a minute. If we continue for a little while longer, you’ll surely come to understand the charm of this uncle…. 」
The meager wish that Tanaka raised. However, as though prearranged, it was obstructed by a blowing gust of wind, and failed to reach the girls. The way spinning grass, often seen in western movies, appearing out of nowhere there before then rolling away along with rustling sounds as though laughing at Tanaka, ought to be showcasing Tanaka-san’s peculiarity of his craft. It truly was a very trivial mystery.
◇ ◇ ◇
「 Milady, what is it that has suddenly come over you? 」
Once they were far enough away from Tanaka, Eclair asked her master.
「 His power, even with my eyes, I cannot measure it. Just what kind of power is he hiding? 」
「 Say what…. 」
Éclair was lost in words. The eyes possessed by Torte—Magic eyes that enabled her to peep at other’s power. She’d tried peeking at the power of powerful beings on numerous occasions, but it was the first time she’d ever failed. This one time, instead of showing her their power, her eyes told her how much of an overwhelmingly powerful being her target was.
「 In that case, let me try— 」
Eclair was about to head to where Tanaka was again. However, Torte purposely grabbed Éclair’s back collar to stop her.
「 Guee. 」
「 Stop it, geez…. We don’t have much time to waste ourselves. So let’s leave him alone for the time being. 」
Torte’s face suddenly became serious.
「 If he is just a clown, he will soon reap the retribution of his big talk. As he will surely be crushed by the rumored Demon Lord. However, if his hidden power is the real deal–, then we will surely meet again sooner or later. At that time, you can just crush him head-on. Am I right? 」
Torte’s eyes, as she turned her face around, were disproportionately powerful compared to her youthfulness.
「 Yes, Milady. 」
There was once a country made up of various different races. And then, there was also a great war that involved the various countries in the world–
It had been almost a thousand years since that country was destroyed. A girl with a lineage connected to the last king was about to make her rise. Pursuing the ideals of the country that once existed–
