Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 96 Part 2.

「–What is it? What on earth is this powerful undulation?」
「It’s an enormous power…. However, what bothers me more is this queer feeling…. It’s as if a number of power are mingling….」
Due to the sudden emergence of the enormous power, Mikoto and Yashichi looked up at the ceremonial hall from the spectator seat.
「It’s, don’t tell me! Not good! Her power will be unleashed!」
「Huh? What do you mean?」
At the unusual airs around Zonmer who was perched on her shoulder, tension rose within Mikoto.
「A long time ago, there was this single battle—」
What Zonmer was recounting was the war between demons and humans that broke out a thousand years ago.
It was originally a common conflict between human nations. However, as various agendas of other nations began to entangle into this conflict, it eventually developed into a global war. Along the way, as the correlation between the countries shifted in various ways, before they knew it, it turned into a war between the demon race and the human race.
The Demon Lord of the time realized that there was a great will at work in this war. And that, in the end, it was the great god Morinaga, who stood at the top of all Gods and spirits.
This conflict that had turned into a Great War was also the same, but Morinaga had continued to interfere with the human world on countless occasions up until then. And then, not a few Gods hold animosity toward this stance of Morinaga.
The Demon Lord requested for the assistance of such Gods and spirits, and succeeded in sealing off Morinaga’s power by uniting their strength. However, the Demon Lord lost his life in this battle, and the Gods who cooperated with him were also annihilated.
The rest was just as the history known by the world, the Demon Kingdom that had lost the Demon Lord was defeated, leading to a harsh age for the demon race.
「But Morinaga is….」
「Yes, they lost most of their power, but they’re still alive. Even after that, they seem to be sneakily tempering the history.」
Purinism of the Purin Kingdom. Morinaga didn’t openly interfere with the human world, but those who believed in this God continued to conduct actions that were strongly influenced by their will even now.
「Somehow, the demons are pretty pitiable, aren’t they?」
Torte cut into the conversation between Zonmer and Mikoto there.
「There’s no need for sympathy. In the end it was a war, there was no justice or evil in it. I bet that Demon Lord didn’t even consider about the interests of the kingdom, after all.」
「Let’s save such a matter for later. So? Are you saying that this Morinaga is trying to resurrect themselves?」
Yashichi asked Zonmer.
「Yes. This undulation of power, it’s a remnant of the power of that Demon Lord and our comrades–. And of course I can also feel their power. I don’t know what happened, but the seal has been undone.」
「I heard that the blessing of the God of Creation grants the power to be the Guardian of the Empire, but other than that, it is also rumored to heal the injuries of the participants. It even includes old wounds and curses that have nothing to do with the festival.」
The Knight of Roses, who unexpectedly boasted the proper knowledge, showed the answer.
「I see. The power of the God of Creation should be able to undo the seal. In other words, as expected their resurrection is for certain, huh.」
「Regaining this power, will Morinaga start to act as they pleased again? Looks like it’s going to be pretty troublesome.」
Staring at the ceremonial hall, Yashichi showed a stern expression. On the other hand, Mikoto turned her nowhere to go emotion toward Morinaga
「Nevertheless, what’s the deal with Morinaga? How could such a selfish person stand as your leader?」
「They were upright at first. However, various things happened after that, and they got a little twisted….」
「Hmm, I think now isn’t quite the right time to listen to a story, though. In any case, this situation, which is already chaotic enough because of Ganash, sure has turned into an outrageous one.」
Before she even realized it herself, Torte had stood up and stared at the sky.
The sky was filled with dark clouds–, staring at the sky that before they knew it had somehow changed, everyone instinctively sensed that something was going to happen.
And finally, the situation moved. A huge bolt of lightning struck the ceremonial hall, and the world was bathed in a blinding light. In the brief moment everyone shut their eyes, it appeared.
A huge light–. Floating above the ceremony hall, its appearance is reminiscent of that of an oriental dragon. Everyone was glued to this mythical figure.
◇ ◇ ◇
「What in the world is that?」
Toby was wholly amazed at the sudden appearance of the dragon of light. However, it could be said that everyone else in the area was also the same. Except for this man.
「Don’t tell me, that’s!」
「Do you know what it is?!」
That man was of course our protagonist, Tanaka-san.
「Th, that’s the legendary dragon that is said to appear when you collect one hundred and eight magic magatamas scattered around the world. To think it was actually true….」
「Umm… Isn’t the difficulty a little too high?」
「Is that so? In that case let’s cut it by half.」
「Wait, wait, wait! That’s not the point. Tanaka-san, you’re obviously making that up, aren’t you? You’re just randomly saying whatever comes to your mind right now, aren’t you?!」
Tanaka floated a somewhat satisfied smile at Toby’s retort. Seeing this, Toby was a little irked.
This state of emergency that was growing even grave, what in the world was going to happen? Would this due end up splitting up as they were?
