Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 32 Part 2.

Angel Caramel was stunned by Tanaka’s sudden declaration.
「What the hell are you talking about? … My Lord is the one and only, omniscient and omnipotent God. How dare you deny their divine existence….」
「Oh, looks like I got too excited that I misspoke. In other words, what I want to say is that the one who is currently reigning over the supreme throne of this world is a fake God. For the balance of the world to be controlled by such an impostor…. It’s no small wonder that the world has been desperately trying to get rid of me. While most of my power was sealed in the previous war, even my current power alone should be enough to deal with a mere impostor. Kukukuku….」
Tanaka managed to unravel the truth of the world with such little information. His wisdom was simply unfathomable. Well, that didn’t mean the answer he derived was correct, though.
「How dare you! I won’t allow blasphemy toward my Lord!」
Angel Caramel was furious. However, even as he was faced with such fury, Tanaka wasn’t perturbed in the slightest.
「Then, what are you going to do now? Are you going to wield the power of God? Is the power of God merely something on that level? Hah…, this is why amateurs are….」
Tanaka shook his head as though expressing his disapproval. It was unknown what kind of a pro he was, however.
「Gods are absolute existences. Even without unleashing their power, they could easily instill awe on others with sheer presences alone. Unleashing your power so thoughtlessly in the name of God, as you guys are doing, is the height of folly! If power alone were enough to elevate you into Godhood, then… To me, all babies in this world would be Gods! Stop joking with me!」
Something seemed to have stimulated Tanaka’s inferiority complex. Forcing him into revealing his true colors.
「Humph, I thought what you’ve got to say, but that’s it? What if God unleash their power to guide mankind then?」
「Mankind is neither that weak nor foolish. Even as they make mistakes and hurt themselves, they continue to move forward. All God has to do is watch over them.」
「Just watching, you say? How foolish. In that case, should you become a God, would you also do nothing?」
Perhaps feeling confident with her question, angel Caramel resolutely pointed her finger at Tanaka. However, he replied with a composed and smug look on his face.
「Of course I would. The moment I become a god…, I’d build a harem and shut myself in my domain! I’d lead kyakya ufufu life I’ve always dreamed of, unencumbered by anyone!」
A man who wouldn’t hesitate to ascend to Godhood for the sake of harem. That was Tanaka.
「What a joke… As expected, My Lord is the true God! You lowly thing aren’t qualified to hold the throne of God!」
Angel Caramel wielded the divine lance again. However, the next instant she was suddenly blown away by something invisible. To angel Caramel, who had somehow managed to reform her posture, Tanaka said.
「Oops, looks like I released a little too much power there. But still, for someone who easily got blown away by a mere glimpse of my mighty power, I couldn’t help but wonder on what basis you could continue boasting to such an extent.」
In fact, all he did was shrewdly blow her away using the absurd force of his Levitation magic. This man, he was truly fond of showing off. Angel Caramel, who had no way to see through such a machination, was yet again astonished by the gap of their power.
「The time has come… O followers of mine sealed in the underworld. The time to unleash your mighty power has finally come.」
Tanaka looked up to the heavens and roared.
「I am the one wielding power suitable to hold the Supreme throne… Total Swiftness – Absolute Overdrive.」
Storms, as though the condensation of a hurricane of power, manifested around angel caramel. And then, a barrage of rays of light began to shoot out of the storm toward her one after another. The automatic defense of the divine lance promptly activated as it created a shield of light that somehow blocked those lights. However, even the impact alone possessed enough force to make her feel as though being smashed directly by a gigantic hammer. Each time she received an impact, the face of the angel Caramel would distort in pain. The shield of light was shattered one after another whenever an attack landed on it. Another shield was promptly erected following the disappearance of the previous one, but it would also be shattered right after.
This technique – which was currently cornering angel Caramel – was Tanaka’s secret technique that possessed both attributes of light and wind, which was only possible to be unleashed by borrowing the power of his followers who once fought alongside him in the heavenly realm and were currently sealed in the underworld. Or so its imaginary setup in his words to be, in reality, however, it was just Tanaka frantically circling around angel Caramel while occasionally shooting Ignition at her. Tanaka was trying his very best here.
Before long, Tanaka ceased his attacks, so they confronted each other once again. In contrast to Tanaka who was showing a smug expression with his arms folded, angel Caramel was showing a very exhausted expression.
「What’s wrong? O agent of God, is this as far as you can go? I once challenged the Gods in the distant past. Back when I led my followers and waged wars against the heavens, this level of attacks were casually flying about on the battlefield, you know? To think that the level would’ve fallen to this extent…. No, I guess that’s only natural since this so called God is only an impostor, huh.」
Tanaka arrogantly asserted. Of course, everything he spouted was nothing but his delusion, but as someone who had to face such kinds of power head on, angel Caramel couldn’t help but accept it as a truth. She was falling into an illusion that the monster in front of her was an existence that was far above and beyond what she had ever imagined.
「However, even so… I can’t afford to lose!」
