Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 69 part 2.

Kamui dashed toward the legs that were supporting All Biter’s gigantic body. Perhaps noticing his intention, a large number of tentacles began to gather and targeted Kamui. Before they could make their move, Tetsujin, who was on standby behind Kamui, invoked seventh-order magic.
「Ice Storm.」
The tentacles that were exposed to the storm slowed down and eventually froze. With the obstruction disappearing, Kamui held his sword up high and slashed it toward the huge leg.
「Guh, it’s hard too!」
Pulling out the sinking in sword, he swiftly stepped back. The next moment, something huge fell down in front of him and the ground exploded.
It was the striking down sturdy fist of the giant. This huge hand then spread open and chased after Kamui, intending to catch its prey. Tetsujin shot a series of arrows to support him, but the giants’ hand didn’t stop.
「Earth Shake.」
Cracks appeared beneath All Biter’s feet, and its huge body shook. Losing its balance, All Biter ceased its pursuit of Kamui and prioritized to steady itself.
「How about this then!」
While firing magic attacks, Curryman closed in from another direction. His target was All Biter’s tail, the wriggling snake dragon.
「Oraa!」
Swiftly wielding his twin swords, he slashed at the snake dragon’s neck.
「Heck, so hard! This one is also no good, huh, damnit!」
At once, tentacles loomed over, trying to capture Curryman. Curryman, sheathing both of his swords, retreated while unleashing barrage of magic attacks to defend against the tentacles
「That only leaves the real body atop the giant body, but sensibly thinking, the defense will surely be tight, right? … but, we have no choice but to do it.」
Readying herself, Mikoto unleashed the most powerful magic attack she could. In front of All Biter, flame, which was large enough to engulf its entire gigantic body, was unleashed.
All Biter, without showing any sign of panicking, stepped back and slipped away from the blazing magic.
「Merlin, how’s it?」
「Hmm…. it doesn’t seem that effective, but that one just now seemed to be good enough, you were just not skillful enough on it.」
「… I’m sorry for being unskillful.」
Mikoto replied to Merlin, looking at him with a reproachful gaze. Those conducts were probably the manifestation of relief in a way. It was because a faint light had finally shone in this desperate situation.
「What’s wrong? Did you discover anything?」
Promptly noticing the change around them, Curryman stepped back toward where the two of them were.
「We’re going to use Merlin’s trump card. Honestly speaking, I’d prefer something more fancy, though.」
「It doesn’t seem to understand what aesthetic is anyway, so it can’t be helped.」
「Well, we’ll bet everything on that trump card of yours then.」
The three of them chatted casually to each other. However, the situation was gradually but surely getting unfavorable for them. In the face of overwhelming defensive power and beyond common sense regenerative power, they might be the one attacking one-sidedly, but they were the only ones who were gradually getting worn out. At this rate, defeat was inevitable.
「Don’t get too close to it. You’ll get caught up otherwise.」
「I’ll let them know!」
Curryman ran off energetically. Seeing off his figure, the two of them readied themselves while gazing at All Biter.
「If my magic is good enough, then that will be good in itself, but if it’s not….」
「Yes, I will use my power. I’m not very good with it yet, but if I don’t use it here, when will I use it?」
The two of them, observing their comrades who were ceaselessly moving about around All Biter while attacking it, began to time their attacks.
◇ ◇ ◇
「Kukukuku, for you powerful people, who are top class even in the whole world, to be able to do nothing but jumping around is quite the pleasant sight to behold.」
「Damn! You’ve said it now!」
All Biter’s composed demeanor never ceased even in the face of the crowd of powerful people.
Evading the approaching tentacles, Curryman couldn’t help but curse. The other warriors were still unable to unleash any effective attack as well, but as expected they were still prominent powerful people nonetheless. They had yet stumbled upon dangerous situations as they continued to evade All Baiter’s attacks.
「But still, as expected I’m getting tired of it. I guess I’ll pick one of you first—」
In the battle that could be said to be at a stalemate in a way, just as All Biter was about to make some kind of move, the Great Sage Merlin unleashed his trump card.
「Teru.Me.Barosu.I.Kuri.Kusui— Flame of the Fierce King – Explosion.」
All Biter was trapped in a closed space that had suddenly emerged. The moment it stopped moving due to how sudden this occurrence was, its huge body was exposed to the real attack.
The pressure that crushed everything that existed there, and the high temperature that burned everything on top of it, the two appeared and raged inside the closed space.
The warriors were speechless in front of the closed space where lights kept flickering. It was a high level magic that had been lost in the world of man, and it was the highest level magic among them. It was only natural that they could not hide their surprise at being shown such a thing up close, even if they were on the same side. But the real surprise came after that.
The situation inside of the space was not clearly visible from the outside. However, they could vaguely make out a large shadow – All Biter, trying to break out of the closed space.
「Damn monster….」
It was unknown who it was from. Everyone who saw it was expressing the words they were feeling.
However, the Great Sage, who had unleashed the attack, was still taking his stance, as if he had expected as much. And then–
「Double cast!」
What followed after was another high level magic. It was an attack that put a heavy burden even on Merlin’s body. The closed space flickered even more violently. A storm of tyranny that could easily be called hell continued inside. But even so, the shadow of All Biter had yet to collapse.
「Mikoto!」
Merlin called out to Mikoto with a stern expression. Mikoto, who before they knew it had taken a natural stance with her eyes closed while having her arms unequipped, as if responding to that call, revealed her determination-filled eyes. She glared at the closed space and released the power that dwelled in her body.
「O God of Creation. Now is the time to release that power before me….」
