Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 104 Part 1.

Destiny
「Looks like the situation has changed quite a lot while I was gone.」
At the end of Tanaka’s sight was the floor of the ceremonial hall that had been destroyed, as well as those who had fallen in the face of the malice of Gods and were lying all over the place. The ones lying on the rubble were not only his allies, but also including his enemies, the apostles of the Morinaga, who had similarly been rendered unconscious.
「And the one responsible for it is you, huh…. I knew that you would eventually show up again, but don’t you think that making such a stir while I was gone is just too blatant?」
Tanaka unleashed the promised ‘this is why amateurs are’ good grief. With that the quota for the day thus had been achieved.
On the other hand, even after being blown away by Tanaka’s attack, the incarnations swiftly rearranged their stance. Their number had already reached more than ten, and even now new incarnations still continued to slip in one after another through the distortion in the cracked space. The incarnations, however, were simply setting up a battle formation in the sky without making any movement, as if on guard against Tanaka.
Based on the power it sensed from the previous attack that had blown it away, as well as the presence radiating from the man, who hadn’t lost his relaxed attitude despite being in its presence, it could perceive it.
「No way…, does that mean he’s mastered the power of God in such a short amount of time?」
The one the God of Destruction referred to as the most dangerous existence in this world was certainly Tanaka. However, it was also certain that it would definitely win the next time they battled. It was because even if the two of them similarly wielded the power of God, there was a huge gap in their process.
It wasn’t limited only to Tanaka, the same could also be the same to the heroes as well as the combination technique of the Sukekaku duo, the fact that there was the necessity of the act of ‘wielding’ it in the midst of battle was a kind of fetter. At the very least, it was nothing but a flaw when facing God.
The reason why Tanaka was able to contend against the incarnation in the previous battle was because at the beginning he managed to bluff the God of Destruction with a potential that surpassed its expectations, and then in the end he was able to quasily keep the power of God in the state of constantly activated using the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation – Adi Amarta’.
Even in the previous fight, it was only because Kaku-san controlled the power of God and Suke-san being able to concentrate on fighting that this flaw did not rear its ugly head. The fact that they were able to settle the battle with ‘Evil Crushing Fist Ascension – Rising Sun’ after creating an opening in the end could be said to be due to luck.
In other words, as long as there was a need to wield the power of God, every time they didn’t wield it would become a good opportunity for the God of Destruction. In fact, it should be clear from the fact that Morinaga managed to get rid of Tanaka upon exploiting this weakness. This matter was nothing more than a coincidence, though.
However, right now, the man standing in front of the incarnations was clearly different from the man of the past.
「Impossible…. There is no way such a ridiculous growth rate to be possible!」
「I don’t get what you’re being so flustered about. Is it that terrifying? My power, I mean.」
As soon as Tanaka responded, the place was filled with light.
「Whoa! What’s going on?」
Toby, who was standing behind Tanaka, exclaimed in surprise.
The source of the light was the wrecked floor of the ceremonial hall. The glow ceased before long and the ceremonial hall regained its original appearance before it was destroyed.
That was not all. Those who had fallen also began to regain consciousness, regardless of whether they were friend or foe.
「What’s going on?! Huh? The oppressive feeling I felt until just a moment ago is gone?」
Giving the confused Toby a sidelong glance, Tanaka soared to the sky. He moved to face the incarnations, who had formed a battle formation in the sky, alone.
◇ ◇ ◇
「What an absurd power as always.」
Mikoto, staring at the restored ceremonial hall, murmured as such.
「No, that’s not it.」
Mikoto turned toward the one who had responded to her murmur. The one who had responded to her was Kaku-san, and his expression seemed to be stiffened in astonishment to Mikoto.
「What do you mean?」
Kaku-san was unable to answer that question of Mikoto’s right away.
The one who had associated with Tanaka the longest was certainly Suke-san, but in terms of their understanding of Tanaka’s power, Kaku-san, a bottom-tier administrator of the world, was definitely better than him. In fact, as he also had experience in accompanying him in his magic and Grand Magic training, he had been able to understand the general principle of the numerous and various miracles, be it large or small, Tanaka had perpetrated.
Tanaka had freely manipulated the air and the ground on countless occasions up until now, but they were in the end still within the range of application of live-support magic. And yet, while those were certainly unprecedented techniques that were possible only through the combination of his overwhelming potential, enormous magical energy and extraordinary imagination, the restoration of the ceremonial hall just a moment ago was clearly a transformation on the level of Grand Magic.
It was certainly astonishing that Tanaka, who was supposed to be not yet able to perform Grand Magic at will, managed to master it in just about a month of time. However, what was truly fearsome lied somewhere else.
「Just who in the world is he? God of Creation-sama.」
The flapping, flying Uesama landed on Mikoto’s shoulder. He wasn’t the only one. Torte and Éclair, and then Ganash, who had been unconscious until just a moment ago, also stood up and moved there.
It was exactly the true power of Tanaka that Kaku-san was so astonished about. It was clear that what was protecting them from the influence of the God of Destruction was Tanaka’s power, and it was something of the realm of Gods which was unreachable even with Grand Magic. It was only due to Kaku-san having experience in controlling the power of God provided by Tanaka that he was able to understand how difficult it was.
「Well, you see. Even I, the God of Creation, don’t know why such a ridiculous person exists. If there is such a thing as a destiny that’s unreachable even by Gods, perhaps he’s the beacon of it.」
