Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 81.

The Imperial Tournament Festival
Oedo Imperial Capital – The oldest city in the world and the largest city in the Haru Empire.
Even compared to the cities Tanaka had visited in his journey up until now, it was overflowing with an incomparable number of people. One could catch a glimpse of its sheer size at the fact that the full of confidence Tanaka, upon completing the secret sorcery technique, got his lower half involuntarily lose strength at the sight of it.
「It’s, it’s not like I’m intimidated or anything! As someone who is used to the Electric Town, it’s no big deal at all. The summer and winter festivals got much more heat in them, after all~.」
It was unknown who he was making these excuses for. Tanaka continued to mumble to himself as he stood in front of the huge gate of the unexpectedly large city of Oedo Imperial Capital.
It was true that Tanaka had experienced crowds of this magnitude on several occasions in his former world. However, he was being lured by kyakya ufufu ‘s finest prey. It was exactly because he could not see his surroundings clearly that he was able to withstand the pressure. For Tanaka, possessor of the natural hikikomori constitution, a place like this was akin to a swamp of poison.
Perhaps it was to free himself from such a predicament. Tanaka subconsciously activated the safety device in his subconsciousness.
「Kukuku, this seemingly heart wrenching throb–. That means my second heart, which I’ve been sealing as I have no need of it up until now against those weaklings, is starting to awaken, huh…. At a glance, it may look like nothing more than a bustling street, but I won’t be fooled. You’re mixed up amidst it, aren’t you? O powerful one who can make me fight seriously.」
It was the same relapsing act as usual.
「Otherwise, then I, the ruler of demons, with only this level of…」
「Move! Move!」
「Aah! I’m sorry!」
Just as he was standing in place and unleashing his chuunibyou act, someone who appeared to be a trader passed by. At the way he switched to little man mode and made a way in an instant, nothing could be said but as expected of Tanaka. And then, after confirming that the person had disappeared into the crowd, he acted all haughty again.
「Phew, it is indeed a city with considerable liveliness. However! This level of camouflage won’t be enough to deceive my third eye. It’s time to—」
「Hey, you! What are you doing there standing and mumbling in the midst of the public road? You’re becoming nothing but a nuisance, you know? You’re a considerably aged grown man, after all. So don’t do anything that might disturb others.」
「I’m sorry! I’m sorry!」
No matter what world you lived in, you couldn’t go against a mommy character. Soon after earnestly apologizing to the mommy who appeared out of nowhere, Tanaka decided to take refuge at the side of the road for the time being.
「Kuh! To think I’d received such a surprise attack. It can be said they have gotten the upper hand for the time being. But not yet. It’s not over yet!」
To push Tanaka, who had turned into a level higher of a little man upon completing the secret sorcery technique, into a disadvantageous position, what a terrifying large city.
「Nevertheless, that mommy, talk about intense pressure. She seemed to be a powerful character who could withstand Suke-san’s preemptive attack. As expected, it looks like it was the right decision to complete the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’. However, at the current stage, where I don’t even know the extent of powerful people there are in this large city, I can’t afford to show my card yet. The first action I have to take here is gather information in the city, or rather….」
And then Tanaka ended up realizing something.
「—heck, won’t the usual ol’ man be in the tavern of this city as well? I should have asked him about a lot of things before coming here!」
The large city exploration started off with a good beginning, as in full of regret from the beginning. All could be said was as expected of him. At once, Tanaka decided to call out to a guard-like man stationed by the gate and ask him to introduce him to a nearby tavern.
「What an amazing appearance–.」
With such a reaction at the beginning, he managed to confirm the location of the tavern and the guild. While he was at it, thinking about gathering some information, as he started to have a chat with him, he heard something interesting.
「The Imperial Tournament Festival?」
「What is it? You don’t know? I thought for sure you were here to watch it, too.」
「What’s this Imperial Tournament Festival thing?」
「During the festival that is held once every four years in this Oedo imperial capital, it’s an event where those with a passionate spirit to protect the Empire compete against each other with their abilities. The champion will receive blessing from the God of Creation and be bestowed with the title of ‘Guardian of the Empire’ for the next four years.」
「Oh, that has quite a cool sounding to it. Moreover, it seems interesting as it seems like it’s going to lead to a very exciting development.」
Those title and setting that roused his chuunibyou soul, as expected, even Tanaka-san had no choice but to have an eye on them too.
「Cool sounding and that’s it? …, geez, you. As the name suggests, the Guardian of the Empire also has an important duty that is to serve as the cornerstone who guards this country, you know? Even in the past war against the Kingdom, the Guardian of the Empire-sama at that time appeared to personally take the lead and play an active role, you see. I can’t imagine how much he’d become the pillar of support of the hearts of people.」
Tanaka thought ‘that sounds kind of a pain in the ass,’ but his little man’s heart sensed that it would be dangerous if he said it out loud.
「Oh, that sounds kind of a pain in the ass.」
However, his heart as a performer would not allow it. A man who couldn’t afford not to step forward should there be a banana peel in front of him. That was Tanaka.
Were you really okay with that, Tanaka? Guard-san was instantly showing a displeased expression, you know?
「Oioi, what are you talking about? There’s no way being the personage who protects this country is kind of a pain in the ass, right?」
This truly was peril was danger. Would you be alright, Tanaka? Peril = Danger = Tanaka, you know, Tanaka?
「Well, indeed, that does sound kind of a pain in the ass, though.」
Not you too, guard. Were you okay with that, Empire? The future of the Empire was truly worrisome.
「But, you see… The Guardian of the Empire is very popular in this country. They are very well-liked even. It’s just, for sure it’s nothing to do with you, whose thought about it is no more than kind of a pain in the ass, though.」
「Say… what…?」
Tanaka was lost for words at these remarks expressed by the guard. And then, Tanaka’s shock didn’t end with only that.
「Moreover, the current Guardian of the Empire is the Imperial Princess of this country. As a big fan of Imperial Princess-sama, I won’t tolerate anyone who disrespects the Guardian of the Empire.」
What a big wave.
If he participated in the Imperial Tournament Festival, it could become a good topic during the get-together. For sure he would be popular at the get-together.
And if he happened to become the champion of the Imperial Tournament Festival, he would become irresistibly popular at that point. Furthermore, there was even the advantage where he might be able to get acquainted with Imperial Princess-sama.
As far as Tanaka was concerned, he had no choice but to ride it now. This big wave.
「I’m sorry, Senpai! I was mistaken. I’ve reflected on it! So please tell me. The way to participate in the Imperial Tournament Festival!」
「Who’s senpai, who is?! You’re obviously the older one here, aren’t you? Rather, you are going to participate, huh. No way, no way, you’ll surely be beaten to pulps, I’m telling you—」
Despite saying as such, the fact that this guard still thoroughly told him the way, he might actually be a nice guy. And then, as someone who was asking what he wanted to ask, Tanaka’s attitude turned into like that of a true little man.
「Phew, well, just wait for it. Aiming to become the Guardian of the Empire, my continuous blood churning training up until now isn’t just for show. Sooner or later, everyone will surely get to know about it. The existence of the new ‘Guardian of the Empire’ that is me.」
The guard was involuntarily rendered speechless by this overbearing attitude. He could do nothing but see off the vigorously departing Tanaka. And then, as that departing figure disappeared into the crowd, the guard finally let out words, as if taking a breath.
「No, you knew nothing about the Imperial Tournament Festival, didn’t you? … Huh? Come to think of it, the reception for the Imperial Tournament Festival is—」
After that, at the place where the reception for the Imperial Tournament Festival was located. It was said that a man was seen collapsing upon finding out that the entry for the tournament festival had been closed the day before.
Thus, without anyone’s knowledge, Tanaka’s hot summer came to an end. The departing figure of the walking away man was exactly the ideal figure of a loser in life.
However, I would like those who witnessed this loser in life to remember this. Winning was by no means the only thing that had value. Yes, please don’t forget that there was meaning to participate in such events as well. Ah, this person wasn’t participating, was he?
At any rate, good luck Tanaka. Good luck, Tokyo Olympics.
