Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 76 part 1.

Conviction
A certain room of the guild – in this rather spacious room, documents scattered all over the place. And then, the one seated on the chair in front of the desk where mountains of documents were standing was the owner of this office, Echigoya. Currently, he was scrutinizing a particular document from one end to the other with undivided focus.
「How is it? I’ve selected crops that can be harvested in a relatively short period of time during this season. I think we can expect a considerable amount of harvest in a month’s time.」
It was unknown whether he heard these words of Omoi or not. Echigoya remained seated in silence, as if he was fascinated by the document. What he was currently holding in his hand was a document arranged by Omoi, ranging from the expectation of harvest amount and harvest time for this season, to the estimation of labor required to maintain this production. Moreover, there were also selections of crops for the annual cycle with emphasis on production efficiency from then on, and a plan for production increase based on the population growth rate thus far. Also, a plan for production increase in case they wished to employ shipment, as well as the necessary human resources to support this endeavor, and so on. Various information related to agriculture of this town was inscribed on it.
That day when Tanaka and Omoi were reunited. After being clung on in tears… ahem, receiving consultation from Tanaka, the first action Omoi took was to perform inspection on the soil of the agriculture land that Tanaka had built.
The result was an excess of magical energy. The soil, which had been manipulated with Tanaka’s Embankment magic, as a result of having been exposed to high concentrations of magical energy, fell into the state of containing excessive amounts of magical energy. For that reason, the sown seeds were unable to withstand such an environment and entered a dormant state which resulted in poor germination, such was what he learned from the inspection.
The next day, after spending a day assessing the situation. Omoi began the creation of a magic tool to absorb the magical energy in the agriculture land.
And then, the next day, one could see Tanaka and Suke-san flying around the agriculture land with the completed magic tools in their hands. The reason why he was able to complete the magic tools in such a short amount of time was largely due to the existence of the artificial magic crystal manufacturing magic tool Omoi once created on his own. By applying the magical energy absorption mechanism employed in said magic tool, the new magic tool was thus completed.
Having Omoi’s intellect and the lack of common sense-ness of the Thridiots trio being on full display, the adjustment of the soil was completed in no time at all. By the way, it went without saying that Kaku-san, who couldn’t do physical interference, was on cheering duty.
Thus, in a few days after sowing the seeds again, they arrived at a point where they were able to confirm the most optimal germination of crops for the environment and season of this region.
At the moment, the trust in the sensei of Tanaka-san was moving nowhere but vertically upward, soaring to the sky, breaking through the rooftop, and feverish of tempura rice bowl. The extent of the joy was akin to an extra-large serving class parade of daimyo shrimp.
Thus, it was only today that Tanaka, who had managed to magnificently secure the opportunity to show a smug face to Echigoya, barged into Echigoya’s office, taking along documents that Omoi had put together in his spare time.
「As expected of Sensei! You are still the ‘star who advances the era a hundred years ahead,’ whom once all sages around the world pin their expectations on!」
「I don’t remember ever being called as such, though, hahaha.」
While the flower of the pair of teacher and student was blooming upon Tanaka’s delusional talk, Echigoya was still staring at the documents. But there was little wonder to it. As these documents were without a doubt something that could become the catalyst to turn around the situation of the town that had been nothing but gradually worsening.
「I thought there was nothing more that could surprise me, but…, being shown such deliverables, looks like I have no choice but to acknowledge it. Tanaka-san shall become the new leader—」
「Wait a minute!」
What an unexpected objection here. The one who had prevented the rise of the curtain of the legend of Tanaka-san’s rise that all readers had been anticipating was no one else. It was Tanaka-san himself.
「Things may have reached this point, but Echigoya-san, the matter about you wanting to make this town the land of the beginning of Tanaka Kingdom – Ero Dorado, can you please pretend that it never happened?」
Tanaka made a remark that was full of retorting points. Coupled with the excessively humble expression on his face, this action of his was nothing short of irritating.
The fact that Echigoya’s blood pressure went through the roof at once as he had to witness this spectacle up close was, well it was akin to a natural providence.
However, catching the sight of Omoi muttering, ‘I didn’t know there was something like that. That’s amazing,’ with a listless smile on his face, Echigoya-san, who managed to hold back his retorts to the bitter end, was truly something else. It was worrisome that he might eventually collapse from stress, though.
「Ahem! … There’s a lot that I want to say, but let’s leave it at that for now. After devotedly working to such an extent, what in the world happened that made you have such a change of heart?」
「Somehow, when I got to actually experience it myself, internal affairs are unexpectedly more of a pain…, ahem, no, that’s not it. How should I put it, it turned out to feel that it felt like that. It’s kind of hard to put into words~… Ah! It’s that, you know, that! I’m a man who’s akin to the embodiment of conviction, aren’t I?」
Tanaka’s expression turned into a crisp one. The fact that it somewhat looked as though turning into a touch of thick line was most likely due to his peculiarity in his craft.
