Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 41 Part 3.

「 My name is Shijimi. The muscle head over here is Murgai. We live in the horned tribe village just up ahead. 」
「 Oh, if you’re fine with it, do you mind letting us take some rest at your village for a while. It’s embarrassing to say, but we’ve accumulated a considerable amount of fatigue due to us being unfamiliar with such a long journey. 」
He took advantage of his advantageous position and attacked further in order to secure a chance to get close to her. In spite of his gentlemanly posture, the one standing there was a man who had turned into a demon of conquest.
「 No, not at all, I don’t mind. Come on! How long are you going to sleep there?! Show our guests around! 」
The man had somehow fallen unconscious due to the consecutive smacks from the girl. Murgai, who was in the middle of a nightmare, was sent back to reality by Shijimi’s kick.
「 Guh… show them around yourself. I’m against letting human into the village, after all. 」
「 Really you, you are the son of the patriarch, so stop being so willful. Listen well, alright? The clan has already decided to get along with humans from now on, right? So hurry up and show them the way. 」
Tanaka clicked his tongue inwardly. If the man ended up being the one who guided them around here, his advantageous position would be meaningless. However, if he asserted himself there, there was a good chance that they’d notice his underlying intention. With that in mind, Tanaka prioritized getting into the village for the time being. He didn’t say anything and simply let the flow of events take its course.
「 Got it then. I won’t oppose you letting these humans into the village. But, can’t you just be the one to guide them around? 」
Murgai said back to Shijimi in an annoyed tone.
Well said! As expected of you, Murgai. Your name being so similar to cool guy isn’t just for show!,
Tanaka praised Murgai in his heart. But here came the big twist.
「 I’m about to have a date now! I already have an appointment with Baron Almond-sama! Well then, later. 」
「「 What?! 」」
Murgai and Tanaka shouted at the same time.
「 Why are you surprised too?! 」
「 Zip it! I’m in the middle of rearranging my strategy, so just shut up! 」
The two began to yell at each other. Leaving the two of them behind, Shijimi moved to rush towards the town.
「 Ah, wait! What’s so great about that effeminate guy anyway? 」
「 Shut up, you muscle head! It’s just you who’s being too crass. Baron-sama is a very polite and kind person, after all! 」
Shijimi darted away at once. Seeing her figure off, Murgai could only raise his voice in frustration.
「 That effeminate guy is up to something. You’re definitely being deceived by him…. 」
Those words of his could no longer reach her. Murgai could only stare at Shijimi’s disappearing figure. And then, he suddenly sensed a gaze piercing at him.
Grin–
There stood a man radiating an enormous aura of a little man. With an unbearably lukewarm gaze and a sickening grin on his face. That was truly the embodiment of the small man among small men, the king of the small men. That was right, it was the long lost figure of an ideal small man. There stood the man who embodied that ideal into reality.
「 What’s up with you?! What’s with that smirk on your face? Erase it, it’s so unbearably irritating! 」
The man was completely unperturbed by Murgai’s vehement protest. Tanaka put his hand on his shoulder in an over-familiar manner.
「 Now, now, calm down, alright. I’ll listen to what you have to say. So let’s go to your house for the time being. 」
「 Just why?! Why are you coming to my house? I don’t like humans. Just go to someone else’s place! 」
He refused. However, he couldn’t get rid of the grin on the little man’s face.
「 Like I told you, calm down, alright. I’ll even properly give you some advice. Alright, brother? 」
「 I don’t need it! And who’s your brother?! 」
That was right. Tanaka had inferred it through his terrifying sense of smell. The man named Murgai was a man possessing the quality to become the Emperor of Child(DouNoTei=Doutei=Virgin). Therefore, no matter what kind of remarks he was spouting, Tanaka could accept it all with his heart that was as broad as a small cup. Because Tanaka was also a man possessing the quality to become the Emperor of Child.
「 Oioi, are you sure? I’m a man who knows the ins and outs of both men and women…. 」
Tanaka pressed him further with an over-familiar look on his face.
「 I’ll teach you the secret to become popular. 」
What terrifying words. Despite the fact that he himself had never been popular even once in his whole life, what terrifying confidence. Needless to say, his confidence was stemming from the vast amount of knowledge he had accumulated through various anime and video games.
「 …. Re, really? 」
And the lost lamb, Murgai, couldn’t resist the sweet temptation. Everything was rolling in Tanaka’s palm. He was truly a fearsome man of wisdom.
However, what was truly terrifying was the glimpse of quality befitting of him being the lord of all evil. This man known as Tanaka was taking advantage of the grief of the young man whose dearest one was just stolen from him. Moreover, he was intending to use it to ease his own mental scar. What a true evil, what a true little man!
The man who had fallen into the swamp of despair seemed to have finally begun to tread the path of evil.
「 He seems to have recovered-degozaru. 」
「 Fuh, he’s finally regained his vigor, huh… But still, I wonder why did he use Echigoya’s name anyway? 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san stared at Tanaka, who was preaching to Murgai in a pompous manner. The two were relieved to see that he seemed to have regained his vigor again. They then followed Tanaka and Murgai to the village of the horned tribe.
This was the beginning of a short break for the group of men who had been running incessantly for so long.
Tanaka started to stay at Murgai’s house in the horned tribe village to heal his mental scars.
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 56 Experience: 1418/5600 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 1.4e14/1.4e14 Magical energy: 2.8e14/2.8e14
Strength: 1.4e13 Dexterity: 1.5e13 Agility: 1.8e13
Intelligence: 2.3e13 Spirit: 2.7e13
Skills: Sword (3.49), Magic (5.66), Believed One (10.00), Dragon Slayer (7.72), Spirit Lord (4.73), Chanting Omission (2.77), Multiple Chanting (2.84), Grand Magic (0.09)
Equipment: Sword, Cool summer clothes, Black Cloak II
Money: 4495,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 50 Experience: 3967/5000 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 1050/1050 Magical energy: 2032/2032
Strength: 513 Dexterity: 496 Agility: 758
Intelligence: 776 Spirit: 819
Skills ： Lance (4.15) Magic (4.70) Dragon Slayer (7.03) Believed One (8.13)
Equipment: Scythe, Black Robe, White Mask, Magic Gloves
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 65536/65536 Magical energy: 65536/65536
Skills ： Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.10) Apostle (4.73) Believed One (7.44)
