Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 47 Part 1.

If We Had Fought Them Just Like That… We Would Have Been Annihilated
Team Tanaka had attained considerable growth. As usual, today they were also heading eastward to the Haru Empire. Speaking of something worth mentioning, maybe it was the fact that they were boldly making their way through the highway. It was an unusual action for the ever-cautious Tanaka. Was it an action due to him attaining confidence in himself upon experiencing such a growth? Was Tanaka really such a simple-minded man? The mystery simply deepened further. However, the only thing for sure was that the world wasn’t kind enough to leave him alone just like that.
As they were proceeding through the highway, Team Tanaka bumped into a certain squad of the Kingdom’s Army. It could be said to be an inevitable occurrence. Although Team Tanaka hadn’t paid any attention to it, the Purin Kingdom was raising its guard against the dubious movements of the demons nowadays. Perhaps because of that, the military had become more active, and patrols on a squad scale had become more frequent.
As though pre-arranged beforehand, both sides halted on their tracks. After a short pause, a voice rose from the platoon.
「 M, monsters! 」
And then, Team Tanaka reacted without a moment’s delay.
「 Wha, what did you say?! 」
Tanaka, Suke-san and Kaku-san turned around at the same time. But of course, no one was there. For this one was truly a prearranged act.
「 They may look idiotic, but don’t let your guard down! 」
As the squad leader declared these words, the soldiers cautiously closed in to encircle the three. In response, Team Tanaka was….
「 Let me handle this…. 」
Suke-san took one step forward with his scythe at the ready.
「 Just in case, should I put a support magic on you? 」
On the other hand, Kaku-san prepared to cast support magic on him. Both of them were completely unfazed. They were truly reliable men. This was probably due to them attaining absolute confidence in their recently improved power. However, Tanaka let out an unexpected instruction there…
「 … Guys. We’re withdrawing here. 」
Soon after saying that, for the first time in a long time, he invoked the live-support magic, Ice. A huge lump of ice materialized between Team Tanaka and the army squad. Easily blocking the path of their pursuers, Tanaka swiftly departed the place in a helter-skelter manner. Suke-san and Kaku-san, who sensed the graveness of the situation from Tanaka’s actions, promptly followed after him without uttering even a single word.
◇ ◇ ◇
「 —Now that we’ve put such a distance, I guess we can finally let out a sigh of relief, huh. 」
Tanaka took a breather at a place far away from the scene. Kaku-san raised a question to such a Tanaka.
「 What in the world is going on? Enemies of that level, they should be nothing for the current us, right? 」
However, Tanaka showed no affirmation whatsoever to this opinion.
「 You fool! 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san were bewildered by Tanaka’s unusual display of anger.
「 Just because we’ve gotten a little bit stronger doesn’t mean we can simply let our guard down. If we had fought them just like that… we would have been annihilated. 」
「 What the! 」
「 Seriously? 」
What a shocking revelation. Suke-san and Kaku-san were too surprised to continue with their words.
「 In my whole life, I’ve burned into these two eyes of mine hundreds of thousands of all sort of battles…. 」
Of course, these experiences came from his past hobbies, including anime and video games.
「 Thanks to that there was something that I came to realize. Perhaps this is a truth that can only be attained by those who are approaching the realm of God. 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san gasped. Sensing the importance of what was about to be conveyed to them, the two simply listened to Tanaka’s words.
「 The giants who can do anything and everything with their vicious power, dragons who can manipulate even nature itself, and spirits who wield magic on a miraculous level… I’ve seen all sorts of powerful beings, but in the end they’ve all been overthrown by something stronger and perished. Humans— 」
The two of them could not hide their surprise at the unexpected answer. Ignoring the reaction of the two, Tanaka continued the speech.
「 Humans are indeed weak. If that’s the case, could the giants wipe them out and prosper? How about Dragons? Or could spirits build a civilization that surpasses that of humans? The answer is NO! Only humans have enjoyed this status as if it was prearranged for them. Even if the giants, the dragons, and the spirits wreaked havoc on humans more than any natural disaster ever. Even if they were thrown into desperate situations, humans would always rise again, grow, work hard, and for sure overcome all adversaries in the end. No matter how powerful the enemy is, as if prearranged, the ones who triumph in the end would always be humans. 」
The content was something that convinced both of them. The two were overwhelmed by Tanaka who had just unveiled the truth.
「 –Do you understand? It’s humans whom we should fear. 」
「 What we should be afraid of is humans…. 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san reflected on the words deeply.
「 Did you notice the man who led the troops earlier? Sloppily jutting out belly. Short legs. Nose hairs poking out of his nostrils. Everything led to only a single conclusion… He was definitely a man who could wrestle victory away from us…. 」
「 … Kuh. 」
Kaku-san let out a mortified voice. On the other hand, saying nothing, Suke-san was simply standing there petrified.
「 Why are you hanging your head? Lift it up. We haven’t lost yet. 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san then saw it. The figure of their leader who looked way more dependable than ever.
「 The heights we’re aiming for are still far away, but I can clearly see the path that’d lead us there. Leave your worry behind and follow me! 」
Tanaka held out his fist. Suke-san and Kaku-san also held out their fists and bumped them together.
「 Looks like we have gotten conceited-degozaru. The path to the strongest is still far from over, huh-degozaru. 」
「 We’re counting on you. Leader. 」
That was a new vow of the men. Adversaries would surely continue to stand in front of them from then on. However, with the deep bond they had shown, they should be able to overcome any and every adversary.
Team Tanaka took another step on their journey again. There was no longer any trace of gloom that had been lingering around until just a moment ago. Hang in there, Tanaka. Don’t lose, Tanaka.
(Kukukuku, just as planned. With this I’ve now secured my position as the leader.)
What a twist. The figure of a leader this man displayed as he preached about the crisis. It was all a bluff. Nothing but an act.
Suke-san and Kaku-san had experienced quite significant growth lately. Deep in his heart, this man had felt a sense of severe threat out of it. He wondered if the two would threaten his position as the leader at this rate. He wondered in case they were to be surrounded by girls on the street, would they be more interested in the two than in him? And then, he wondered if the two would leave him in the dust and shine brightly on the top seat of the readers’ popularity contest…
