Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 45 Part 2.

The Phantom beasts with deformed appearances promptly found the foreign beings, Team Tanaka, and began to move in unison. As if to paint over the black ink that had fallen on an ashen canvas, the ashen army attacked in waves.
「 –Let’s go. The multicolored Covenants – Winners Rainbow. 」
Tanaka in the center. It was a victory pose with Suke-san and Kaku-san standing on both sides. Victory even before the battle began. It could be said to be a show of their absolute confidence in this technique.
「 –First arrow – Ain. 」
Why German, you asked? Because it was cool of course. Suke-san charged at full speed along with such a yell. With his physical ability alone, he was already moving on a completely different level of speed compared to before. And then the magic he received from Tanaka and Kaku-san. One was acceleration. His speed had thus leaped over another wall. And the other magic was ‘Illusion’. At that moment, the swarm of Phantom beasts saw an army of Grim Reapers that surpassed them in numbers.
The ashen army’s momentum was suppressed. However, the Phantom beasts followed their instincts and attacked the Grim Reapers in front of them. The fangs and claws formed from high density magical energy tore through the Grim Reapers. An attack capable of destroying the core of a spirit.
–There was no resistance. It was only natural as they were just illusions. However, the Phantom beasts couldn’t help but continue their pointless attacks against the Grim Reaper illusions that had appeared in front of them. The phantom beasts that once cornered even the apostles, the administrators of the world, were being toyed with. Even though it was just an illusion, Kaku-san’s powerful illusion magic wasn’t one to be easily breached. And then, amidst the Grim Reapers illusions, there was Suke-san, who was unleashing beyond common sense waves of attack. The Phantom beasts were cut into pieces before they could even perceive what was going on.
However, as expected of phantom beasts. Even dragons couldn’t hold a candle to their extraordinary recovery ability. Even Suke-san’s inhumane attacks were unable to completely extinguish them. However, Tanaka didn’t cease the fearless smile on his face. That was right…, everything was rolling in his palms. The first waves of attack they unleashed weren’t real attacks. They were nothing more than a distraction that held the army of ten thousand in place.
「 –The second arrow – Zwei. 」
Kaku-san leaped out of the Grim Reaper’s army.
「 Neo Muscle Rainbow! 」
Kaku-san unleashed basic attack magic of fire, ice, earth, and wind. Powered by the supply of magical energy provided by Tanaka, he created a body of high density magical energy that was even denser than those of phantom beasts. Using grand magic, each magic was molded into that of Kaku-san, though there was no particular meaning to it. The multicolored Kaku-san turned into more than a thousand rainbows and rained down on the phantom beasts. If there was anything to point out here, it was the depth of Kaku-san’s obsession with muscles as he poured overwhelmingly more magical energy into sculpting his magic into his appearance than the expenditure of multiple chanting more than a thousand of magic attacks.
The Phantom beasts exploded and vanished one after another. Right after Suke-san’s mowing attack was Kaku-san’s magic attack. As expected, even the Phantom beasts were unable to bear such a combo and couldn’t help but get themselves extinguished. After several waves of attack, the world was covered in ashen smoke. However, even that wasn’t enough to completely extinguish all of the phantom beasts. The phantom beasts soared out of the smoke. They soared up and charged straight at Tanaka as they were.
「 –The last arrow – Final. 」
He somehow used English here. Why, you asked? It was because he didn’t know the German word of it of course. Tanaka also soared into the sky to intercept them. With his body spinning, he charged at them in a cool style.
「 — The Pinnacle of Swiftness – Absolute Overdrive – Zero formula. 」
It was Tanaka’s Absolute Overdrive, a technique with the attributes of light and wind that had once pushed Angel Caramel into the corner. This technique, which was immensely powerful against an individual, was overshadowed at the final stage of the battle against the Gods. This was because Tanaka, who was overwhelmingly outnumbered by the heavenly realm, was forced to deal with a large number of enemies at the same time. In order to break such a war deadlock, this technique was sublimated into the ‘Absolute Overdrive Zero Formula’. While the former was a special move that concentrated power inward, the latter was a move that unleashed power outward. However, to turn it into a killer technique, an enormous magical energy was necessary. As there were limitations to its utilization, in the end he failed to overturn the situation of the war, hence turning it into a misfortunate technique. Now, however, Tanaka’s incessant experience had allowed him to recreate this technique to perfection. Of course, all of this was nothing but Tanaka’s delusional setup.
Tanaka’s charge tore apart the swarm of flying Phantom beasts. As Tanaka flew by them, the Phantom beasts ceased moving. Just as it seemed as though they were trembling awkwardly, like a lump of earth crumbling away, their bodies turned to mist and vanished. What Tanaka had invoked was a tenth-order magic, Airflow. It was a live-support magic that manipulated the air for ventilations. However, once unleashed by Tanaka, this magic turned into a completely different beast altogether. Tanaka’s will to move the air caused the surrounding gases to vibrate at molecular level. The vibrations wound up causing the phantom beasts’ bodies, which were composed of a high density of magical energy, to scatter and disintegrate. The colorless rainbow that Tanaka painted in the sky caused the swarm of phantom beasts to vanish. When Tanaka soared up higher and struck a cool pose in the sky, all of the enemies had ceased to exist.
「 –Kukukukuku, hahahahaha! 」
Tanaka laughed boisterously in the sky.
「 It’s finally complete, huh. 」
「 I’m overwhelmed-degozaru. 」
With his eyes rolling after spinning around during the attack, even with his head spinning, Tanaka continued to laugh up in the sky. Looking up at him, Suke-san and Kaku-san were satisfied with the completion of their combination technique. No matter what kind of crisis they had to face in the future, they would surely be able to overcome it all if the three of them united their power. It was a technique that gave them such confidence.
「 –I’m certain now. This magic power that doesn’t match my baby-level power… O world, you must have plotted my self-destruction! 」
Glaring at the heavens, Tanaka howled.
「 This despicable trap you’ve purposely left behind. However! I’ve overcome it. I shall not commit the folly of ruining myself with this rampant magic power any longer. Kukukuku, you misjudged me. Even if it was intended to destroy me, I shall make you regret ever leaving behind this power to me…. I shall use this power that was supposed to destroy me, to destroy the Hero. –Just you wait. I’ll settle this before the Hero steal all of my power! 」
Those who were led by a strange fate. It had mysteriously led their power to blossom at the same time. What would happen when they were reunited again?
Before that, would Team Tanaka be able to escape the sealed land?
◇
Name: Kamui
Level: 41
Vitality: 2221/2221 Magical energy: 1909/1909
Strength: 1101 Dexterity: 1077 Agility: 1128
Intelligence: 922 Spirit: 871
Skills: Sword (3.46), Shield (2.74), Magic (2.23), Morinaga’s Blessing (1.73), Dragon Slayer (0.22)
Equipment: One-handed sword of flame, Armor of the Purin Kingdom Royal Guard, Divine Shield Biscuit
◇
Name: Mikoto
Level: 60 Guild Rank: A
Vitality: 1744/1744 Magical energy: 2003/2003
Strength: 840 Dexterity: 937 Agility: 984
Intelligence: 982 Spirit: 872
Skills: Sword (4.21) Shield (3.65) Magic (3.33) Blessing of the creator god (2.90) great gold star (0.64)
Equipment: Thin Sword of Lightning, Sailor Uniform, Small Shield of Power, Cursed Ring
◇
Name: Tanaka
Level: 866 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.07e15/3.07e15 Magical energy: 6.75e15/6.75e15
Strength: 2.75e14 Dexterity: 2.82e14 Agility: 3.53e14
Intelligence: 5.15e14 Spirit: 5.94e14
Skills: Sword (4.42), Magic (10.00), Believed One (10.00), Dragon Slayer (7.74), Spirit Master (7.09), Chanting Omission (10.00), Multiple Chanting (10.00), Grand Magic (0.25)
Equipment: Sword, Cool Summer Clothes, Black Cloak II
Money: 5154,000G
◇
Name: Suke
Level: 866 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 24176/24176 Magical energy: 43529/43529
Strength: 10342 Dexterity: 10081 Agility: 16808
Intelligence: 15603 Spirit: 15894
Skills ： Lance (10.00) Magic (7.31) Dragon Slayer (7.05) Believed One (9.01) Chanting Omission (2.07) Multiple Chanting (2.03)
Equipment: Scythe, Black Robe, White Mask, Magic Gloves
Money: 100000G
◇
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 524288/524288 Magical energy: 524288/524288
Skills ： Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (3.08) Apostle (7.09) Believed One (8.32)
