Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 69 part 1.

Hopefully you can save them…. The demons… and everyone….
The warriors facing All Biter were straining their nerves at every movement of the monster in front of them. Among them, Mikoto opened her mouth.
「Kamui attacked it just now, but it didn’t work at all, did it?」
「That wasn’t my full power yet」
「It doesn’t seem like something that can be dealt with just by increasing your power a bit.」
「……」
Perhaps he was aware of that himself. Kamui didn’t say anything further either.
「Speaking of offensive power alone, perhaps that hero-sama is the strongest among us. Given the fact that even his attack wasn’t effective, don’t you think that perhaps it is immune to physical attack or something? Geez, that’s so harsh that I can’t even laugh at it.」
Curryman, who still hadn’t ceased his fearless smile despite what he said, possessed quite a bold personality.
「That means it’s my turn, right? Is there anyone else who is confident with their magic?」
「I’m not very good at magic. I can only use basic single attack magic.」
「… normal. I can only use basic area attack magic.」
Kamui and Tetsujin straightforwardly answered Merlin’s question.
「The magic that I can use is basic single attack magic. Recently I’ve been training in nothing but my sword, after all…, if I knew something like this would happen, I would’ve learned one area attack magic or two too.」
「I’m not good at magic at all.」
「Hahaha, what are you going to do then?」
「Hmm, I’m going to disrupt it to the best I can.」
Curryman and Kugel were chatting as they usually did. That might be their own way of consideration so that the air didn’t get too dark in the face of such a desperate situation.
「I can only use basic area attack magic too, so… that means Merlin is the only one who can use mid-level magic and above.」
「In that case, having that young lady gotten taken down first is a huge setback for us, huh.」
Perhaps reminded of Kaltovich’s last moment, Kamui put more strength into his hand that was holding his sword. And then, his gaze was glaring at All Biter.
「At any rate, I’m going to stay in the rear to observe the situation for the time being. We’ll have to see how it reacts to magic first before we can discuss about it further.」
「Well then, let’s see how much of a monster it is, shall we?」
「Be sure not to get caught, alright? As you may already know it, if you get caught, that means the end for us.」
「If even one of us falls, it’ll greatly affect our battle power, after all. Keep in mind that that would lead to the defeat of all of us.」
All of them, except Merlin, stepped forward. Raising their respective guard up, each of them gradually took up a position as if to surround All Biter.
And then silence came upon them. In the face of its bizarre appearance, all of them felt as though being surrounded by an instinctive sense of repulsion and were unable to move.
「What’s wrong? Are you not going to come at me?」
Such a condescending manner of speech. As if responding to it, magic attacks were simultaneously unleashed.
As if prearranged beforehand, those attacks were all of flame type. All Biter was enveloped in flames that were coming from all directions.
When it came to attacking with ninth-order magic, the options were ‘Firing a lump of ice,’ ‘Firing a blade of wind,’ ‘Firing a ball of flame,’ and ‘Firing a stone’.
Among the attacks of these four elements of water, wind, fire, and earth, the ones created with fluid nature could be said to be the most suitable with the four elements, but they were more of a physical attack that smashed against the opponent. It was by no means strange for them to judge that they wouldn’t be able to expect much of it against All Biter, which had shown resistance against physical attacks.
And then, the only remaining means of attack was fire, which used heat as a weapon. So it could be said to make sense for everyone there to attack with flames simultaneously.
The tentacles were writhing, seemingly in agony, as the gigantic body was engulfed in flames. Focusing his magical energy on his legs, Kugel swiftly charged in, slipped past the tentacles, and unleashed a power slash of sword toward one of the wings protruding atop of its gigantic body.
「It’s hard…. To think I would fail to deal tangible damage, as expected I’m starting to lose confidence here.」
He then unleashed a second and third attack, but he was still unable to deal what could be called damage. Just as he was about to unleash another attack, tentacles simultaneously moved toward him. He jumped away to avoid them, but they persistently chased after him.
As if taking advantage of that opening, everyone unleashed concentrated magic attacks toward the base of the wing Kugel previously attacked. The tentacles that were chasing after Kugel gave up the chase and made a line to protect the wing from the persistent barrage of magic attack. Speaking of the wing that had been exposed to attacks for a while, there appeared to be no considerable damage to it.
「As expected, it’s tough.」
「We should seal its movements first, but it doesn’t look like it will let us accomplish it that easily.」
Mikoto and Curryman continued to unleash magic attacks, but all they managed to do was set the obstructing tentacles ablaze. Moreover, as new tentacles were generated in the place of the crumbling down tentacles, their number didn’t decrease.
「Focus on taking down its wings! By damaging its flight membranes, we should be able to considerably reduce its flight ability!」
「That may be true, but judging from the regenerative ability of those tentacles, I’m not sure that merely damaging its flight membranes will be enough to make it behave….」
Kugel, who had taken some distance away from All Biter, responded to Merlin’s warning.
「It’s not like they are not regenerating in an instant… If that’s the case, attacking it the moment it’s about to fly away should be enough to stop it….」
Tetsujin, who was calmly observing their opponent, replied to him.
「In that case, crush its legs first!」
