Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 101.

Creation
The hamsters showed no signs of being at all bothered by Tanaka, who appeared in front of them, and simply continued to relax with their bodies lying on the beach chairs.
「…..」
What a bold gang of hamsters. Their boundless appearance was surely nothing short of a fleet of a hundred thousand ships that were certain of victory. Even Tanaka, who had always strove to maintain a high degree of flexibility and act by ear, had no choice but to give it to them.
As Tanaka stood frozen in his tracks like that of a mountain, one of the hamsters finally showed a reaction. He(?) slowly took off his sunglasses and made eye contact with Tanaka.
「Oh, thank you. I’m sorry that somehow I seem to have made you be considerate of me.」
Before he knew it, a beach chair for humans had appeared in front of him. Tanaka sat down without any semblance of doubts. And then he leisurely relaxed himself.
「Phew, with this I’ll be able to take a breather now… Wait, huh?」
It was here that Tanaka finally realized it.
「Why am I being so lax here? Rather, although this chair appeared out of the blue, why did I not find it strange at all? And before that, why am I able to understand the hamster’s thoughts?」
Tanaka turned his gaze back to the hamster from earlier. There he saw a hamster who was displaying a good grief gesture as if saying ‘you’re still half asleep huh’. Rather, the hamster’s thoughts were clearly transmitted to Tanaka.
「Do I actually know it? This place, I mean…?」
The other hamsters, who had continued to relax, were also now staring at Tanaka.
「I see…, you guys are me–. And this is my world—」
After being banished from the world by Morinaga, Tanaka was stranded in the crevice of worlds. There was a world of nothingness. It was a dark world where even Tanaka, who possessed a strong body, would not be able to escape death at that rate. In the height of extreme confusion, Tanaka subconsciously performed the only option he had to save himself.
World Creation–. The creation of a new world.
However, the creation of the world was not something that could easily be done even for Tanaka who possessed enormous power. There, by embodying his own inner world, Tanaka saved himself the trouble and detached himself from the crisis.
In other words, while the world that Tanaka was in now was a new world that he had created, it could also be said to be his other half. As the world itself was akin to Tanaka himself, naturally he was able to perceive all of it. However, as it was also an unknown feeling that he had never experienced before, Tanaka felt a strange discomfort in his perception of this world.
「I was inadvertently thrust into a pretty dangerous situation, huh. But well, I managed to somehow save myself, so I suppose that’s good and all.」
Then Tanaka looked around again.
The only thing that existed in this world was the small star he was standing on. The blue sky that enclosed it, and the poor clouds that floated around it. Everything smelled like a fake, but they certainly existed.
「What a crude work, if I do say so myself. Hmm? What are you doing?」
Before he knew it, the hamsters had stood up and were moving around. They were gathered in a circle on a nondescript lawn. Gradually, however, something began to emerge. It was a tattered magic circle that had barely retained its original form.
While Tanaka was unconscious from exhaustion after creating the world, the hamsters, Tanaka’s other half, had steered this small world and explored the world of nothingness. And what they finally found in this world of nothingness was this broken magic circle. It was somewhat nostalgic and warm despite it being the first time he had seen it.
Tanaka bent down and gently touched the magic circle. A multitude of information poured out of it.
「–Heck?! Who are you calling a dull old man?! How dare you inorganic thing make fun of me!」
Tanaka laid bare his anger. What Tanaka caught a glimpse of was the record of what had actually transpired when this magic circle was in operation. That was right, this magic circle was exactly the evidence of the deed that could be said to be the cause of this all. Nevertheless, to possess old-man power that could even awaken the self-consciousness of an inorganic substance, that surely meant that Tanaka-san was as expected no ordinary man.
And then, the hero summoning performed at Purin Kingdom. It was a different kind of ritual than the summoning of otherworlders of the God of Creation. This magic circle was the vestige of the folly of opening the barrier of the God of Creation at a time when it originally should not have been done, which gave birth to the result of inviting the intervention of the God of Destruction and allowing the invasion of the incarnation of Destruction. However, at the same time, it was also the perpetrator that had given birth to the irregular existence known as Tanaka.
「I see…, so this is the place where I was born. And I actually have it in me, huh. A cheat worth of power….」
Tanaka stared at his own palm. And then he tightly clasped it. As if to have a feel of this power–.
There, he realized that the hamsters were staring at him.
「No, actually, I’ve vaguely realized it, you see. Rather, actually I’ve vaguely felt that perhaps that’s the case since the beginning. No, really, seriously!」
The hamsters began to deliberate in whispers. Perhaps due to the result being so obvious, the deliberation ended quickly and the hamsters turned around. The return eyes staring at Tanaka were saying it all. That it was vetoed.
「Just why?! You guys are me, so why don’t you get it? Here’s where you should go ‘let’s leave it at that’. I’ve been building up popularity with the gimmick of being a clear headed protagonist up until now, haven’t I? That’s why if you don’t leave it at that it’d be dangerous you know? It’ll be real dangerous like the decrease of female fans, you know?」
Tanaka-san’s logical persuasion was also fruitless, as the hamsters were simply responding to him with a blank stare.
「I get it alright! Then it’s that, right? We should respect each other’s opinions and decide on the right halfway point! That’s why let’s just say I noticed it halfway through the story. Let’s see…, let’s say that when I started working in Hazama Town and Jody-san fell in love with me at first sight, I realized it like, ‘I see, so this is my true power, huh…’ or something! Alright, it’s decided then!」
Tanaka tried to forcefully end the topic, but the hamsters began to deliberate again. The result was another veto.
「Stop being so willful! Just let it go, at the right moment! Now should have been the perfect time to end the conversation, right?! … Let’s stop it already, it’s going to lead to nothing but suffering, after all. It’s too hard to go any further, after all….」
Tanaka-san was in denial, even to himself. His borderline comical figure overflowing with loner aura was truly aloof. It would surely be a perfect teaching material for elementary school students who bore admiration to aloof men. As a result, it was up to the reader’s imagination whether they would aim to become an aloof man as they were or reform their path.
「Well, it’s that, you see. We have to think about what to do from now on.」
Tanaka changed his gear and looked up at the sky.
The sky created by Tanaka himself. Rather than space, what was spread there was a wall with a meager light source, like a monitor. There was nothing on the other side of it. This world, which was no bigger than the size of a gymnasium, was drifting in the world of nothingness.
Suddenly, the blue sky vanished.
It was as if the world had turned into night. However, in the darkness that looked like the night sky, there was only a stretch of blackness without even a single star. It was unmistakably an empty world of nothingness. A darkness that was impossible to perceive because there was nothing. In fact, there was not even darkness, just nothingness.
Tanaka focused his consciousness. The power of God within him. He used this power to expand his consciousness in an attempt to decipher the essence contained in this nothingness.
Eventually, a variety of lights emerged. It was akin to a night sky with twinkling stars. It was the existence which was the embodiment of contradiction in the nothingness.
Countless worlds created by multitude of Gods. Some were just gaseous worlds overwhelming with energy. Some were a world where everything was occupied by rocks. And then there was the world of an extensive universe that Tanaka was familiar with. A variety of worlds, large and small, were sprouting in the sea of nothingness. They were existences reminiscent of warm light in the midst of nothingness. Each and every one of them was brimming with origin energy and was sprouting with life force. However, among them, there was a single existence that was different from the others. This existence that made Tanaka’s heart tighten and grow cold was–.
「That guy is the God of Destruction, huh….」
The negative energy that exhibited an overwhelming presence in the world of nothingness. It was an eerie existence that was unfathomable even for Tanaka, who had sucked dry the magical energy drifting in a certain world. In a sense, Tanaka, who had created a new world, albeit a small one, was standing on the same grounds as Gods. However, the difference in power between him and an ancient God was an obvious one.
Tanaka was assailed with a sense akin to impatience.
He could not sense it now, but it should exist on that side for sure. The world that he was in until just a moment ago. The world that the God of Destruction was vigilantly eyeing for.
However, the current Tanaka was unable to feel anything because the existence of the God of Destruction was in the way. Even if he were lucky enough to be able to overcome the interference of the God of Destruction, there should be the barrier of the God of Creation beyond it. It was unthinkable for Tanaka to be able to pass through the barrier that the God of Destruction was unable to break.
There was no hint to break the barrier either in the magic circle that he had just examined. It must have been the special power of Morinaga that opened the barrier during the ritual.
For the time being, Tanaka had no choice but to continue drifting around in the world of nothingness along with the world he had personally created. While praying for everyone’s safety–.
By the way, this everyone was limited only to the women he had met so far.
