Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 57 Part 1.

A Gust of Wind That Continues Its Journey to Save the Souls of The Unrewarded Men
Night of the transit town — Tanaka and Eclair were walking side by side through the night streets. The sound of drunkards’ laughter echoed out of who knew where. For Tanaka, who was in ecstasy, these noises sounded as though blessing the two of them.
「 Fuh. 」
A smile floated unintentionally. However, today’s Tanaka was unlike the usual him. Each one of his actions was unbelievably stylish. It was so stylish that no one would believe that there were seven hamster siblings dancing madly in his head. And then, while maintaining the overly stylish manner, he suddenly fell into thought. He wondered if there had ever been such a kyakya ufufu event in his whole life before.
For sure he was convinced that this moment ought to be the pinnacle of his life. The size of his nostrils, as he couldn’t contain his excitement despite the stylish manner he was carrying himself with, said it all.
Suddenly, the air around Tanaka changed. Perhaps the awaited moment had finally come. He was no longer the kind of man who would be satisfied with merely sending her home. The harsh days in the other world that he had been forced to endure. The welling up negative energy had turned a harmless little man into a little man who could be misunderstood as an absolute evil.
「 Come to think of it…, back in my sage apprentice days, there were times where I was mingling with the legendary folks, who were said to never get angry only when it comes to food. There was this divination technique that they taught me, want to give it a try? You might find it useful, you know? No, it will surely be useful! 」
「 Divination… was it? 」
Finally, Tanaka made his move. He began to scatter bait for his prey.
「 Wait, they may be similarly divination, this one is totally different from the ones in your childhood days. The process of reading information, analyzing it, and predicting the future is a craftsmanship that has been refined through countless years! Trusted and proven tactful elegant secret opinion! Ultimate super vision skill! The name is ‘TESOU’! 」
「 Ult … te… super vi … teso…? 」
Perhaps trying to seize the initiative by riding the momentum. Tanaka-san’s attack continued.
「 Hmm, ordinary people can’t even pronounce it, huh…, but well, fine. What’s important is the essence. In a nutshell, with this technique, I can predict your future based on the life line on your palm. In other words! With this, we might be able to tell whether you’ll succeed in obtaining information about the Demon Lord or not. 」
「 Such a technique is…. 」
Eclair’s eyes widened in surprise.
「 If you can make sure of it now, you will be able to ensure your safety and security! In the case you failed to obtain the information about the Demon Lord, you’ll be eligible for really valuable information. And you know what?! You’ll even receive advice on what to do after that to deal with the situation! 」
「 Oh! 」
Tanaka pressed even further. Everything was completely at his pace.
But still, this maid. Despite her cool and competent appearance, she seemed to possess such a considerably deplorable performance. She was the type of person who would buy fire extinguishers over and over again from fire department people and lived happily in a room decorated in bright red. No doubt about it.
「 Now then, care to let me borrow your hand for a bit? 」
Tanaka held out his hand in order to read Eclair’s palm. This was what he was aiming for. This was a heart throbbing situation that was dreamed of by all unrewarded men: touching hands with a woman. He was about to accomplish it without letting any ulterior motive shown. Such a fearsome wisdom that no one else could match, and such a Machiavellian to the point of cruelty.
It was a wonder if there was anyone in the whole history of mankind who wished to flirt with a woman this badly. Such a reckless action would surely invite flood of complaints from P*A, and force this publication to cease. It was a wonder how the men who had put their faith in the Emperor of Child would feel when they saw the current him. Probably they would all crumble down and despair to the world. Just how much darkness had he been smeared in? Would the world be enveloped in the darkness of despair from here on?
Eclair, who knew nothing about this all, held out her hand. As their hands slowly moved closer to each other, and Tanaka’s ambition was about to be finally fulfilled…
「 What the heck are you two doing there? 」
The hands that were about to touch stopped just short of each other. With gigigigigi sounds, Tanaka’s head turned in the direction of the voice. There stood a girl, stupefied with her arms crossed. Her name was Torte. She was the master of Éclair’s service.
White skin that stood out even in the darkest night. Hair that shone in golden color and seemingly blazing crimson eyes. Combined with her gothic Lolita attire, she was such an extraordinary being that could be said to be the embodiment of an ideal beautiful girl.
At any rate, Tanaka reflexively registered the beautiful girl in front of him as a candidate for his future wife. Aggressive beast! So dangerous. The current him was way too dangerous. However, a miracle happened here.
「 Hmm, unfortunately it’s still too early for a little girl like you. Five years from now, if you have not forgotten that feeling in your heart. Recite this magic word I’m going to teach you. ‘Tanaka-san, so cool. Embrace me.’ That’s it. That’s when you’ll be able to receive lectures from me, who will rush over to you at once. 」
What a gentleman. No matter how much he had been smeared in darkness, he still abided by the code of YES Lolita NO Touch. Did this mean that the noble spirit of a gentleman would never be lost, even if he had fallen into an absolute evil being?! Right now, perhaps we were witnessing the infinite potential that lied within human beings.
「 I see, there’s an age limit to ‘TESOU’, huh. I see. I see…, However! That’s within my expectations, Milady. 」
Eclair responded with a crisp face.
