Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 35 Part 2.

「It should have been a perfect plan… even though I’ve reset everything and started over, the fake God has must have once again interfered with my law of casualty to maintain the balance of the world’s order, huh….」
Anguish. That was exactly the most suitable word to describe the expression on Tanaka’s face as he grieved and groaned. The men were stunned by such an oddball of an intruder, but they eventually rebooted themselves before long.
「What in the hell is wrong with this dude? He arbitrarily appeared out of nowhere, only to arbitrarily fall down right after… Well whatever, anyway, you get the idea, right? There’s quite a lot of traffic of slave traders’ carriages that pass through this area, so the military patrols regularly here. Thanks to that, despite this place being located on the border region, there’s quite a lot of pedestrian traffic. If we continue to dally here, things may get troublesome, you know? Let’s just split it four for us and six for you. As expected splitting it three to seven based on the arrangements we’d done for the raid is a bit too much.」
「Tsk, fine then. In exchange, all of the possession of that crazy intruder over there will come to us. From what he’s wearing, he looks rather well-off, after all.」
「Yeah, I don’t mind. All right, guys, get ready to move! Be sure to leave none of the goods behind!」
「Ooh!」
The men embarked onto the wagon. It seemed that the merchant raid event, which Tanaka was expecting for, had been long over and what was left for him was nothing but two bands of bandits that were arguing over their splits.
It was a bitter blunder for Tanaka. Tanaka always tried to act in a calm manner. However, before that, to have already fallen into a trap the moment he first checked the situation, as expected, Tanaka couldn’t ever hope to obtain something that wasn’t even there. Once again, Tanaka was reminded of the horror of the world.
「Come on! Old man! Take out your valuable… Nah, scratch that. Just be a good man and accept your death. Don’t worry, we’ll be sure to gratefully accept everything thrown out of your item box right after.」
Tanaka was surrounded by the bandits.
「… Kukukuku. To think that mere bandits would dare to stand in front of me, the man who once challenged the heavens…. How foolish!」
Tanaka, who slowly stood up, had already switched to full throttle chuunibyou mode from the get go. Was it due to the anger at the fool who stood in front of him? Or was it due to the anger at himself for falling into another trap of the world?
「What’s it? Are you seriously going to do it? Hey! You guys! Give him a good beating!」
The filthy men were gradually inching closer at Tanaka with their weapons unsheathed in hands.
「… Very well. Our suffering that has been sealed off in hell all this time. I’ll let you have a bit of its taste as well! Tou!」
Tanaka jumped up, along with such a cool line. The bandits were unable to react at the suddenness of his action. Tanaka drew a beautiful arc as he landed magnificently on top of a nearby large boulder…without hesitation, he then disappeared into the other side of the large boulder.
「…..」
The bandits were unable to do anything due to the unexpected turn of events. After a while, Tanaka suddenly reappeared once again from the other side of the large boulder.
「Suke-san! Kaku-san! Finish them off!」
His voice was tinted with a shade of fear, this appearance of his was truly like that of the mirror of a cowardice man.
「Geez, I guess it can’t be helped then.」
「Now, now, isn’t that’s just Tanaka-dono-like-degozaru?」
Two shadows appeared while letting out such words. And then, sensing the pressure of overwhelmingly powerful existences exuded by the two, the bandits involuntarily gulped down.
「Wha, what’s with those two… You guys! Quickly kill them!!」
Perhaps due to fear. The bandits spontaneously let out shouts as they tried their best to get rid of the two unknown existences in front of them. However, in the end they were nothing but mere bandits. In front of the two, who had trodden the path of abnormal being, they were swiftly annihilated before anything could even be portrayed.
「Humph, lowly bandits, they aren’t even worthy to stand in front of us, those who are vying for the supreme throne.」
It was unknown when he’d made his way there. Tanaka arrogantly let out a declaration of victory from between Suke-san and Kaku-san. His speed was simply so fast that even his two comrades failed to sense him moving there. As expected of Tanaka, a man obsessed with the ability to swiftly run away. It was a victory that showcased this overwhelming speed of his.
「Well, I guess with this everything is settled. I shall put the goods left here into good use for all of the unfortunate Tanakas in the whole world. Kukukuku.」
Tanaka said, as he skipped his way over to the wagon. And then, his movement ceased at once as he was checking out the goods. Soon after, his body began to tremble before suddenly jumping up. He landed magnificently on the large boulder he had just jumped over earlier and sharply raised one hand to the air.
「Here comes the cliché…!」
Tanaka’s current mighty appearance as he tightly clenched his fist, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it awe-inspiring. Something glittering was dripping out of his eyes. However, this something was clearly different from the previous ones. Tanaka’s expression was simply so radiant that it could easily convince everyone of the fact.
Tanaka’s sudden strange behavior. Suke-san and Kaku-san splendidly ignored it, taking it as Tanaka simply being the usual him. At any rate, they decided to check the goods that were presumably the cause of this strange behavior of his.
Hidden underneath was a cage, with shadows could be seen squirming on its corner. It was a group of women and children huddled together, staring at their direction.
