Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 90 Part 1.

The Power of God
『–What’s wrong? Aren’t you going to fight me?』
The words of the incarnation of Destruction, who had been blown away by Tanaka and was eyeing him, drifted into Tanaka’s mind.
Tanaka showed no reaction to these words, as he hurriedly utilized Levitation magic to get away from the Imperial Capital above all else. It was none other than because, witnessing the reaction of Toby and Éclair’s earlier, he recalled the words of the Witch of Abyss.
This world was akin to that of a newborn baby. It was a world that had yet to stabilize without the direct interference of the administrators. The people who lived there had also grown too accustomed to accepting mysterious power. The moment such people were exposed to the malice of the Gods, the effects were unfathomable. To the point of simply having the incarnation of Destruction standing in front of them would be enough to force them to face death on their own.
That was why Tanaka was in a hurry. Toward the distant sky far away from the Imperial Capital–, far away from human life.
『In that case, feel free to disappear as you are.』
The incarnation of Destruction slipped out of the interference of Tanaka’s levitation magic with stunning ease. From the state of stillness in the sky, as it raised its hands toward Tanaka, they closed in to him with a terrific speed. It wasn’t only both of its hands. The arms that were produced one after another from the pitch-black body stretched out and closed in on Tanaka in order to capture him as if each of it was a living being.
An alarm resounded in Tanaka’s head.
That– if he were to get touched by it, it would be dangerous.
Tanaka evaded. He evaded the looming over hands one after another. He dodged. He avoided.
With an overwhelming speed, he endured the looming attacks of the incarnation of Destruction.
『What a terrifying speed. However, it’s useless in front of the power of God.』
The speed of the attacks unleashed by the incarnation of Destruction increased. Even so, Tanaka was not captured. The arms accelerated further. Even so, they were still unable to seize Tanaka.
The acceleration repeated. Tanaka surpassed it even more. As if playing a game of cat and mouse, both sides increased their speed.
However, there was a definite difference between the two of them. And Tanaka hadn’t realized it yet.
At the moment, in the depth of Tanaka’s mind, Hamsters 24, the governing body of his power, was currently in a festive state. At the center of it all, a single hamster was going shuko-shuko, frantically squeezing away at a bicycle inflator. Around it, other hamsters were dancing around as if performing a ritual.
Shuko-shuko–. Shuko-shuko–.
Gradually, the hamster began to get teary eyes. Eventually, shivering, its body began to tremble as its fatigue reached its limit. At once, it was replaced by another member, and the shuko-shuko continued.
It was unknown what kind of principle underlying it, but Tanaka was releasing the enormous power hidden within him one after another. However, no matter how much time passed, the battle of attrition against the incarnation of Destruction was never-ending.
In the midst of the twenty-four hamsters that were in a festive state, there was a single one that didn’t participate in the festivities, and was carefully supervising them.
It was the hamster of beginnings. The original hamster of all the hamsters that, as Tanaka grew, had multiplied as if to symbolize the growth of Tanaka’s power.
.　As the first ranker in the intellectual ranking, it had always been analyzing this battle ever since it began. And then, right then, it predicted a terrifying future.
At this rate, if the battle were to continue as it was, before long Tanaka would be the one who reached his limit.
Various beings who existed in this world. Even with the world’s administrators, namely Gods and spirits included, Tanaka’s battle power was off the charts. Even the amount of energy he had hidden within him, there was a clear difference of more than ten orders of magnitude. Even such him might be lacking in power if was compared to a true God, but what he was currently dealing with was ultimately its incarnation. As its power was no more than a fragment of a God’s power, in terms of pure power comparison, Tanaka was without a doubt the superior one.
However, despite this, the battle was still a close one. If they couldn’t get to the cause of this, the prediction of defeat would surely turn into a reality.
In order to concentrate on getting to this secret, the original hamster jumped onto the spinning wheel in a cool way–.
「You’re so persistent, God damn it!」
Tanaka, preoccupied with nothing but evading, accelerated even more. Taking a distance into the sky as he was, he extended both of his hands horizontally and moved into a counterattack stance.
「Tordekim Magia–.」
Thirteen magic circles appeared behind Tanaka. The way of him being so particular about appearance even in such a state of emergency, truly such an admirable producer as usual.
「The Lament of the Stars – Meteor Fall.」
Large stones were fired one after another from the magic circles. Up until now, Tanaka had invoked stone ball magic while suppressing its power, but this time he didn’t do that.
The high-speed flying large stones were blazing red due to frictions as they rained down on the incarnation of Destruction. It was an attack that would have been worthy of a killing move.
However, as if not noticing the large stones that were raining on it, this monster reacted in the same way as it was before. It was still in the state of solely gunning for Tanaka. And then, Tanaka was shocked at the unfathomable result that occurred right after.
Unexpectedly, like a ghost passing through a wall, the incarnation of Destruction was unaffected by the large stones. Without evading, without getting hit, the incarnation of God of Destruction was simply aiming for Tanaka.
