Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 97.

God’s Lightning
「First of all, calm down. In any case, taking the plot so far into consideration, the possibility of that guy from earlier perpetrating it is high. And it can be said that the situation is pretty grave.」
Noticing Toby’s somewhat agitated state, perhaps the worst-case scenario of the duo splitting up crossed his mind. Tanaka attempted to change the course of the conversation and returned to the incident that was taking place.
「I know as much! If such a big and strong-looking guy went out of control, it would be a disaster!」
「No, you don’t understand the gravity of the situation at all. That guy went out of control would be a disaster? That’s not the problem here.」
With his calm judgment and accurate analysis ability, he must have diversely deduced the worst-case scenario that could happen beyond this point. As expected of Tanaka-san, he truly was a child who could do it when he put his mind to it.
「Wh, what do you mean?」
「According to legend, it’s said that that dragon can grant any wish. At this rate, it’s obvious that that guy will have his wicked wish being fulfilled. It’s going to be beyond your so-called disaster, you know?」
「What?! It, it’s going to be that bad? It, it’s not good then!」
「Yeah, I get it. That’s why, Toby. You have to hurry up and go to that dragon and ask it to grant your wish. Before that man wish for ‘I want to be like the strong and cool man I just fought,’ with the wish of, ‘May Tanaka-san whom I respect become popular and be able to build the largest harem in the world’.」
Here came more jokes. You couldn’t help but marvel at Tanaka’s performer spirit, which never loses the spirit of challenge despite the fact that he was in a situation where he might lose a valuable straight man.
「Why do I have to ask it to fulfill your wicked wish, Tanaka-san?! What the hell is that?! You have no intention of taking this seriously at all, don’t you? Please stop joking and playing around in this situation!」
「Damn it, if it wasn’t for the damage I sustained in the battle against that guy, I would have rushed over right this instant.」
「No, no, no! You didn’t take any damage at all, did you? That was a complete self-destruct!」
Tanaka continued to throw waves of jokes. In the face of the unprecedented incident of the suddenly appearing dragon of light, Tanaka and Toby were simply displaying such disgraceful behavior.
◇ ◇ ◇
「What the…. What the hell is that?!」
Amidst the light of blessing brought about by the God of Creation, Ganash, who was holding the cursed sword Bundam high into the sky, was confused by the situation that was completely different from what he had expected.
「—truly a splendidly laughable figure.」
There, a group of people suddenly appeared. The identity of those people who suddenly appeared alongside the glow of the transfer magic circle soon became clear once the magic circle disappeared. Along with Princess Lala, they were the dignitaries of the Purin Kingdom.
Storen, the chief strategist of the demons, was stunned by the unforeseen situation, but the moment the identity of this group was revealed, he was overcome with fury upon discovering someone he recognized.
「You’re the one from that time!」
「Fufufu, it seems that even you, the chief strategist, have lost your discretion in the prospect of attaining great power.」
At first glance, she was no more than a woman of the winged people. However, her wings were emitting pure white glow, which was not possible for ordinary winged people. It was the proof of an apostle of Morinaga who was revered by Purinism.
「It’s not that the cursed sword Bundam was sealed by the Morinaga, but that it was the vessel to seal Morinaga’s power…..」
Storen squeezed out those words and trembled with anger. The apostle replied with a smile as if to affirm it. This genuine truth would surely have surprised even a popular action star.
「I see, that means it was you guys who were pulling the strings behind the scenes, huh.」
Echigoya, who had been observing the situation up until then, finally spoke up here.
「How preposterous! Do you know how much danger your selfish deed has put my people in? Above all, for you take advantage of the ceremony of the God of Creation—」
Vinta Haru XIV denounced Princess Lala. However, the princess in question was showing a smile as if she was unconcerned about it.
「Truly foolish. No matter how much you folks make a scene, everything is futile. Now that Morinaga-sama has been resurrected, the framework of the world thus far has been reduced to a meaningless waste. From now on, Morinaga-sama is the sole God. The teachings of the Purinism are the only faith. And my Purin Kingdom is the only nation in this world!」
The figure of the princess spreading both of her arms while mustering up such a fervent speech made everyone wish to doubt her sanity, but the gigantic dragon of light floating behind her displayed persuasive power that didn’t let them to.
『O mortals who do not revere me! Prostrate yourselves before my power. 』
The body of the light dragon, Morinaga, was engulfed in even more light. And then, its power turned into countless numbers of lightning and rained down on the surroundings.
The thunderous roar of lightning–.
The explosion of destruction–.
The screams of the people–.
In an instant, the venue of the Imperial Tournament Festival turned into hell.
「How could you….」
Vinta Haru XIV looked down and feebly collapsed.
「—Storen. Send order to undo the blockade at once.」
「However….」
「Don’t make me lose face any further than this. Lead the audience to evacuate.」
「Certainly!」
Receiving Ganash’s decree, the demons in the ceremonial hall dispersed onto the venue. Seeing this, Princess Lala included, the dignitaries of the Purin Kingdom showed no sign of obstructing the actions of the demons. Rather, it was as if they showed no interest in it whatsoever. They must have judged that there was no longer anyone who could obstruct their ambitions.
The single demon who stayed behind, Ganash, approached Vinta Haru XIV. Seeing Echigoya, who stood silently in front of him, he floated a helpless smile.
「I have no excuse. This is a calamity brought about wholly due to my choice. I am fully aware that it is the height of folly to ask you for a favor even then. But, even so I still wish to ask you. If we manage to overcome this disaster, I will not ask you to forget it all. It’s just, I’d like to ask you to please show some leniency toward those who have taken part in this plan, and refrain from imposing unreasonable harassment toward the unrelated demons.」
Leaving those words, he turned around without waiting for any answer. What portrayed in his eyes was his arch-enemy, the light dragon Morinaga.
「Of course, I will not complain no matter what kind of punishment I am subjected to. It’s just, that’s only if my life is still intact by then.」
Ganash slowly moved toward the light dragon Morinaga.
Seeing his departing back, Echigoya was lost for words. It was because as someone who had acted with the best interests of this country in mind, what Ganash had perpetrated was something he could never forgive. Moreover, not only did he make such insolent requests, his words were as arrogant as ever. Surely no one would have complained if Echigoya had replied with voices of anger.
Truthfully speaking, anger towards Ganash certainly existed within Echigoya. However, he also found Ganash’s wish and his figure as he was moving to face the supernatural being dazzling.
「Very well. Your wish–, I, Vinta Haru XIV, have certainly heard it.」
「Father….」
Ganash paused at Vinta Haru XIV’s words.
「Much obliged.」
Ganash’s steps as he began to move again were strong, and gradually turned into a dash. It was as if worry had disappeared from his mind.
「It’s all a fruit of tragedy born from antiquity. If we don’t cut it off here and now, we will surely live with never-ending hatred. Moreover, he may be clumsy, but he is also a man worthy of standing above others. In that case, it is my duty as the Emperor of this country to answer to his wishes. It may well be my last duty, though.」
He was an Emperor who was said to be a mediocre one. In fact, as he’d allowed the tyranny of the nobilities, it wasn’t just once or twice that he thought that the figure of such a father was unworthy. However, right there and then, Echigoya sincerely hoped to help this father of his.
◇ ◇ ◇
「–Morinaga!」
Ganash sprinted. The one being held in his hand was the cursed sword Bundam.
「With the power of this sword, I’ll seal you again.」
It was not as if the cursed sword Bundam had lost its power. Unleashing its power, Ganash’s strength did by no means fall short of the Demon Lord of the past. However–
『How foolish. O little one. 』
The power of destruction that brought about calamity was unleashed once again. A number of lightning sparkled as they tried to pierce Ganash.
As the enormous power possessed by both sides collided against each other, it caused a huge explosion. Something was sent away from this explosion. What Echigoya and the others saw was the figure of Ganash, whose body was engraved with huge damage, flying through the air.
The sealing of Morinaga in the past had only been accomplished due to the assistance of numerous Gods and spirits. So even if he had a powerful cursed sword, this was the natural result.
「—I believe, there’s no need to make any more sacrifices that this needlessly, right?」
Seeing this situation, Hero Kamui said as if squeezing out his words.
「That’s something for Morinaga-sama to decide.」
Princess Lala’s words as she answered as such were cold, Kamui felt as if she was a different person from the one he knew of up until now.
And then, the moment Princess Lala’s eyes, that were staring at Kamui, dubiously sparkled, Kamui was assailed with intense pain.
