Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 29 Part 2.

「This is where we’ll implement the power up plan I’ve come up with!」
Tanaka pivoted his body once before precisely striking his signature pose. As if a reflection of a mirror, for some reason Suke-san was facing Tanaka while striking the same pose.
「So what does that plan specifically entail?」
Tanaka began to explain the power up plan he had come up with at the Gokuri pavilion. After listening to his explanations, the two of them promptly consented and then began with their respective training, even while hurrying on their journey back to the Empire. If a third party were to present there, they would without a doubt have said, ‘What the hell are you guys fighting against?’.
Thus began team Tanaka’s training, by then their individual power began to grow at an abnormal rate.
Suke-san received magic strengthening support from either Tanaka or Kaku-san. And then, he continued to train using his magic, which had become more powerful, day in day out in order to quickly master it. Suke-san ceaselessly invoked magic one after another as he repeatedly received endless mana transfer from Tanaka. As a result, steady improvement of his magic skill was only a matter of course, but repeatedly receiving Tanaka’s overbearing mana transfer had also forcibly expanded Suke-san’s magical energy capacity.
Kaku-san was challenging the control of magic, a path that Tanaka had already trodden upon ahead of him. His human appearance might be nothing but a joke, but he was still nonetheless of the spirit kind. For sure he steadily improved in his ability to control and suppress the power of his magic. Along the way, each time his magical link with Tanaka was utilized, Tanaka’s power as a Spirit Master as well as Kaku-san’s power as an Apostle also steadily improved. Thus, with an abundant supply of magical energy, he was absorbed in the pursuit of magic. Tanaka, who had gone through a similar experience when he first obtained the Believed One skill, showed a gentle expression as he watched over Kaku-san with warm eyes, something that didn’t really matter. However, perhaps due to Tanaka’s abnormal power, Kaku-san, who was originally just a bottom-tier spirit, had attained power comparable to that of a superior spirit, however as the person in question had his hands full with magic control training, he had no time to think about such a thing.
On the other hand, Tanaka was–
「By now, I’ve been in this world for about a year already, but… now that I think about it, I started off from the worst situation, and I’ve been going through my life here with nothing but pursuit of power, huh. However, now we’ve created a team, and our power is also steadily catching up to the standard of this world’s power. It looks like it’s about time to start working on my next ambition….」
Tanaka was overcome with emotion due to the bitterness of the life he had led in this world. And then, he was about to step up on a new challenge.
「There have never been any women around me up until now, so I have to make up for it all at once from now on. And this is the power necessary to accomplish that….」
Tanaka opened the magic book and scrutinized the description inscribed on it again. It wasn’t a description of magic, it was something related to magic control technique. And then, he moved his eyes toward the application section.
「Chanting Omission – it’s a technique that allows you to invoke magic without chanting its incantations… The disadvantage of this skill is that it’ll reduce the firepower of the magic, but for me, it’s actually an advantage. It’s a common skill in other world stories, but to think that it’d actually exist even here. Well, with this I don’t have to chant those lame magic incantations anymore, and I can switch it with my own original, cool incantations…. Kukukuku, I’m simply too cool.」
The man who learned Chanting Omission in order to enable himself performing his own incantations. That was Tanaka.
「The next one is this….」
His eyes were glued to a certain part as he read further into the application section.
「Multiple Chanting — it’s a technique that allows you to simultaneously invoke several magic at once… The disadvantage of this skill is that it’ll also similarly reduce the firepower of the magic, but I’d say that this combination of the two was tailored especially for me. I’ve even come up with a technique that utilizes the live-support magic, Airflow, to always make my cloak flutters in a cool way. However, as someone with safety as his first priority, it’d be fatal if I couldn’t use magic properly in critical situations, so I have no choice but to seal it off during those times, though… However, I could definitely pull it off if I use this technique.」
Tanaka gulped down and cleared his throat. He couldn’t contain his excitement as he imagined his cool appearance with his cloak fluttering.
「Fufufu… Once I master these two skills, I’d definitely be popular! Kukukuku, O World. The path toward haremhood has finally opened. You shan’t be able to hinder this flow any longer!」
◇ ◇ ◇
Year 5964 of the creation calendar, early summer. Tanaka, who had long possessed power beyond the standard of the world, due to this training, along with his teammates, moved further above and beyond the world. Toward the day after tomorrow–
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 30             Experience: 2248/3000     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 4.5e13/4.5e13     Magical energy: 6.8e13/6.8e13
Strength: 4.5e12         Dexterity: 4.7e12         Agility: 5.0e12
Intelligence: 6.3e12         Spirit: 6.6e12
Skills: Sword (2.40) Magic (2.77) Believed One (7.92) Dragon Slayer (5.69) Spirit Master (1.04) Chanting Omission (0.46) Multiple Chanting (0.39)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak
Money: 4522,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 21             Experience: 1531/2100     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 260.00/260.00     Magical energy: 392.00/392.00
Strength: 144.00         Dexterity: 141.00         Agility: 198.00
Intelligence: 185.00         Spirit: 189.00
Skills: Lance (1.81) Magic (2.12) Dragon Slayer (5.36) Believed One (4.45)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robes
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 8192.00/8192.00     Magical energy: 8192.00/8192.00
Skills: Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.03) Apostle (1.04) Believed One (3.67)
