Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 73 part 2.

Meanwhile, Nanashi town—as the citizens, who had been restless at the arrival of newcomers and the rumors of the hero and other prominent powerful people, were beginning to calm down. The guild was striving to deal with the problems that had arisen due to the sudden increase in population, such as food, housing, employment, and public safety.
Even now, in one of the guild’s rooms, Echigoya and the guild staff were in the middle of discussion about their future plans.
「–I’ve heard the story!」
The one who appeared from the door with such a grand noise was our protagonist, Tanaka-san. It was that very Tanaka-san whose well-thought-out plan was crushed the other day, and had a class change into a man befitting of a howling sore loser.
However, the current him was displaying such a good mood that no shreds of frustration could be seen at all. It was most likely because he was satisfied to be able to use the ‘I’ve heard the story’ line, which ranked equal with ‘I’ve expected as much,’ in the ‘Lines a man would like to say at least once ranking (according to Bobby Japan)’. But, looking at the confident-filled smile on his face, it didn’t seem like that was all there was to it. That smug face that none wanted to protect. Tear it pieces, Echigoya!
「What’s the matter? Let me tell you, though, we don’t have the time for indulging ourselves in idle talk right now.」
Echigoya, who wanted to end the conversation as soon as possible to focus on his work, fired a preemptive jab. However, there was no way a mere cold response would be enough to stop the man who was renowned for his ability to misread the air.
「Hmm, you seem to be in a very bad mood there. However! I have good news for such Echigoya-san. By no means bragging, but I’m actually quite a picky man when it comes to internal affairs. It can even be said that it’s something I’m specialized at, to be frank.」
Rather than internal affairs
(naisei)
, it was NAISEI
(self-reflection)
that made Tanaka Tanaka. Furthermore, for sure there would be (lol) attached behind it. However, it would be cruel to expect Echigoya, an otherworlder, to notice this pitfall. Thus, the conversation between the two continued.
「… Oh, that’s news to me.」
However, the one there was the capable merchant, Echigoya-san. Even without knowing what NAISEI was, sensing the looming danger that was far beyond imagination, he proceeded the conversation with caution.
「We’re currently faced with various problems due to the rapid increase in population. To be honest, it can be even said that the situation is pretty bad. So, putting that into consideration, let me confirm this, do you really have the confidence that you can overcome this predicament, Tanaka-san?」
「Of course I do. Well, the fate of the town is at stake, after all. And no matter how much of best friends we are, suddenly being appointed as the new leader doesn’t seem that appropriate either.」
Tanaka, who answered the question while still plastering a smug look on his face, didn’t notice the fact that vein had popped out on Echigoya’s forehead at all. Echigoya-san, who firmly held in the urge to question the man such as ‘Just who is best friend with who?! Rather, are you seriously aiming for the seat of the leader of the town from the get go?!,’ for an entire hour, and going along with Tanaka’s talk, was truly a respectable member of society. And then, Tanaka, who could not read the room, continued to talk.
「So here’s the thing. How about we start by letting me take care of one problem? By the way, if you sign the contract now, only this time, I don’t mind paying for the expenses from my own funds as a commemorative bonus for the ‘eve of Tanaka-san’s political debut’, how about that? Hmhmm.」
Truly a salesman who was nothing short of suspicious. The future awaiting them seemed to be filled with dark clouds, to the point they seemed to be better off making a contract with the devil.
「Now then, let me ask you this, if we were to sign a contract here, what would be the first problem you would deal with, Tanaka-san?」
「You’re testing me, huh? Hmm, very well. The problem I’m going to deal with first is…, Frankly! It’s the food problem!」
With a dignity reminiscent that of a class president, Tanaka-san answered frankly. Not unusually, one could sense certain confidence in him.
After a moment of deliberation, Echigoya accepted the proposal of this overly suspicious man. He thought that since it didn’t cost them anything, he might just let him do as he pleased, as there would be no problem as long as they took measures steadily. All Echigoya was expecting was the luck in the off chance Tanaka managed to succeed, but completely oblivious of that, Tanaka-san departed the room in high spirits as if implying that it was now-or-never chance for him to step onto the political world. Thus, sparing a sidelong glance toward the finally leaving Tanaka, Echigoya continued his paused piled up work.
On the other hand, speaking of Tanaka-san, he was walking with a wide grin on his face, thinking about his future plans.
「I didn’t expect things would go that well. This is surely getting into a big wave. I have no choice but to surely get on it!」
Tanaka-san, a man of the sea who had never even touched a surfboard, was convinced that he had stepped into easy mode of ‘My current self + big waves = beach gals singing high-pitched cheers’.
The solution to the food problem that he, who was overflowing with such confidence, came up with was standard agriculture
(nougyou).
Sorry to the readers who were expecting NOUGYOU (lol), but the Tanaka of this time was serious about attaining the otherworldly cliché of popular rising.
He had formulated an overly perfect scenario based on the abundant knowledge he had experienced first-hand in the past. Tanaka-san, who had obtained solid experience in an agriculture tutorial to raise a tulip, had ground on it no more. And then, he had a dead ground.
「Hmm, you’ll be able to raise crops somehow as long as you have water. I can produce as much water as I want with live-support magic, and good lands are stretching on the surroundings to use as I please. It’s like they’re telling me to farm.」
What knowledge. And what a terrifying plan. It seemed that that fact that he once dabbled in home-grown bean sprouts while living in poverty wasn’t just for show.
Inside Tanaka-san’s overly light mind, the food problem was as good as solved now, and he was already moving on the agenda of how to become popular during his debut in politics.
