Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 93 Part 2.

「—what is the meaning of this?」
As Imperial Princess Karin was about to step forward toward the pillar of light to receive the blessing of the God of Creation, a group of robed figures stood in front of her.
「There’s a change in the details of the tournament festival this time. In accordance to that, we’d like to ask Miss Winner to refrain from receiving the blessing of the God of Creation.」
This upset both Vinta Haru XIV and the nobles who were in attendance.
「What kind of stupid thing are you spouting? … Looks like you guys are not priests. Who are you?」
At the reprimand from Vinta Haru XIV, the man revealed his face through the robe he was wearing and answered.
「Even if you ask us who we are. Thanks to the favor we received from the noble gentlemen over there, we participated in this ceremony officially.」
It was a man from the demon race. This man was exactly the one who led the secret maneuvering in the Imperial Capital, the chief strategist of the demon hardliners, Storen. The fact that such a man had appeared on the stage meant that the matter was as good as done. However, there was no one who noticed that.
「It’s true that we did give you permission to participate in the ceremony, but we didn’t give you permission to selfishly act like this!」
The nobles who were being pointed at spoke in fluster.
「How cold of you. Even though we have worked hard for you gentlemen’s prosperity, sometimes with deceit, sometimes with might.」
「That’s exactly why we allowed you to participate in the glorious tournament festival, isn’t it?!」
「We believe that alone is not quite worth our end of the bargain. That’s why from here on we decided to choose and take what we wish for on our own.」
「What do you want?! Is it wealth?! Power?!」
At the noble’s words, Storen answered with a cold smile.
「What we wish for is this Imperial Capital. Today will mark the closing curtains of the history of the Empire, as well as the raising curtains of our Demon Kingdom.」
「What a nonsense!」
Amidst the nobles who were raising such words, Echigoya expressed his doubts.
「You demons are at an overwhelming disadvantage in terms of numbers. And by raising a scene here, it is as plain as daylight that you will succumb to the violence of numbers. However, it doesn’t seem like you’re talking big as such without realizing that. What on earth are you plotting?」
「Plotting? I believe I’ve already given you the answer, though. The power of the Empire is not as solid as you think. It’s true that the country seems to be developing into a prosperous one, but raising the sense of independence is something that should be done moderately. With you managing to drive away the Kingdom, you seem to have fallen into illusion, but this country was in a state where the possibility of it being split apart if one of its pillars broke was exceedingly high.」
Echigoya’s face clouded at these words.
「Did you think that the reason we had supported the rise of the nobles and weakened the power of the Imperial Family was merely to flatter them? Now that all cities have grown even fatter, once the lynchpin known as the Imperial Family disappears, with simple whispers in their ears, these foolish nobles will surely act following only their desires. What came along eventually would be a warring period between the popping up small countries. Even then, could you still claim that we demons are at disadvantage?」
「Even so…, it will be unlikely for any ally to appear for the Demon Kingdom that has perpetrated such a thing, right? Rather, there is a good chance that fellow human nations will cooperate to eliminate you.」
「Are you seriously saying that? What kind of cause would unite the nobles who have risen while laying bare their ambitions? But well, for these unscrupulous nobles, that might not be impossible, huh. I’ll accept your opinion as a valuable one. Though, if we could seize this prosperous Imperial Capital and then seize several other cities through taking the nobles here hostage, there is no way we would lose.」
The nobles’ faces turned pale at Storen’s words. In the midst of this, Imperial Princess Karin, who had been kept out of the loop, stepped forward.
「I see. I am grateful for all the instructions you have given, but do you honestly think that I am going to simply step back in the face of such a situation? For the sake of the warriors who have clashed their techniques alongside me. And then as a member of the Imperial Family. I shall not overlook the fact that you have done whatever you please in the ceremony of the God of Creation, nor the fact that you are trying to cause harm to the Empire.」
As soon as she drew her sword, Imperial Princess Karin instantly closed in on Storen. However, before her blade could reach him, a powerful spear attack assailed her from the side. Just as she noticed it, she stepped aside.
「The winner of such a lukewarm tournament wouldn’t prove to be much of an obstacle.」
This man’s willpower overpowered numerous people. And then, witnessing the scene of Storen bowing his head, all of them understood. That this man was the one who would be the lord of the demons.
「My name is Ganash. The new Demon Lord. There’s no longer any need for words. If you are unwilling to submit to me, then show me your power. The power that can convince me.」
There was only a single person in this place who could stand against his majestic figure.
「In that case, I’ll be your opponent. Whether our fights were lukewarm or not. Let’s ascertain it with that body of yours–.」
◇ ◇ ◇
What appeared in front of the spectators, who were waiting impatiently for the new ‘Guardian of the Empire’, was the figures of several people. Thereupon, the one who caught everyone’s attention was a large man that stood out even among them. It was because he was carrying Imperial princess Karin, who was feebly hanging her head, under his arm.
「Ganash!」
Torte stood up from her seat. The audiences were also abuzz with commotion.
There, a sudden explosion rang out. Smoke was rising from all directions. Only a few people immediately realized that these were the directions of the doorways and that they were trapped. Most of them were simply shaken by the spectacle before their eyes.
「Be quiet!」
Ganash’s loud voice rang out.
「Silence! Fools! I’ve merely blocked the entrances and exits of this arena!」
Everyone’s attention was drawn to the large man who was displaying such majestic behavior.
「I hereby abolish the ‘Guardians of the Empire’ and hold the ceremony of the birth of the Demon Lord in its stead!」
The chaos in the Imperial Capital had only just begun.
