Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 17 part 2.

「Hmm, that’s it! There should be a typical magic for a case like this.」
As soon as he said that, he took out his magic book from the item box. Tanaka then flipped through the pages and began to search frantically for something. Suke-san had already gotten familiar with this scene, so he said nothing to such a Tanaka, and simply waited for him patiently.
「I found it, Mana transfer! But it’s an eighth-order magic, huh…. Alright, I’m going to put my magic control training on hold for the time being, and first focus on improving my magic skill as it’s my current top priority. Wait for me, Suke-san!」
Soon after declaring that, he once again took a cool pose, and began to rapid-fire Stone balls again.
「Fuhahaha! It feels so good to simply fire them off without thinking about it too hard! My spirit is burning! 」
Unlike the previous time, Tanaka seemed to be really enjoying it as he continuously fired Stone balls one after another. For the time being, as it was inevitable, Suke-san could only watch such terrific scenes unfolding in front of him. After that, Tanaka continued to fire magic endlessly, while letting out laugh.
Eventually, three days later, his magic skills went up. That was without a doubt an abnormal improvement speed, but Tanaka didn’t seem to be bothered by it at all. Suke-san also thought that it was normal, and calmly accepted it. Now that he could contract eighth-order magic, Tanaka immediately contracted Mana transfer along with Accel at once.
「Mufufu, I shall raise the curtains of Suke-san’s invincible legend with this acceleration magic. Oops, that can wait for later. Well then, let’s try out this Mana transfer first.」
「Understood-degozaru.」
He had asked Suke-san to keep on using magic beforehand, so currently his magical energy was empty. Tanaka carefully controlled his magical energy. Leveraging all of the training he’d done up until now, he activated the magic while suppressing its power as much as he could.
「Mana Transfer.」
「Gufu!」
Suke-san wobbled and fell to his knees as though receiving some sort of impact. Seeing this, Tanaka got flustered.
「Suke-san! What happens? Are you okay?」
Suke-san raised a hand as though implying that he was alright, and then stood up.
「It happened so suddenly, so I was just a bit surprised-degozaru. Nevertheless, it was quite an impact-degozaru…. Oh, my magical energy is full again-degozaru.」
It seemed that it was really no big deal, as he was delighted upon confirming the success of Mana transfer. On the other hand, Tanaka had a dubious expression on his face.
「That’s a relief, but…. as for me, as always my magical energy didn’t seem to decrease at all, huh. This means I can’t rely on it to check myself anymore. Or perhaps, I have some sort of special constitution that prevents my magical energy from decreasing. Either way, as far as my magical energy is concerned, it give me only advantages for now, so let’s just take it as it is.」
Once again, he pondered the mysterious phenomenon of his own status. However, no matter how much he thought about it, it didn’t seem like he’d find the answer anytime soon. He immediately let the matter be, and decided to resume his training.
The content of their training was slightly changed from there on, Tanaka trained in controlling Stone ball, while occasionally transferring magical energy to Suke-san. Suke-san received the magical energy transfer, and got to continuously play with his live-support magic.
Around the time when the promised one week had passed. Tanaka’s new Stone ball magic was finally completed. Suke-san’s magic skill had also improved, and was now capable of learning ninth-order magic. He then contracted four type basic attack magic, healing magic, and recovery magic. As though having a rental DVD overdue, they care freely decided to continue on with their magic training. By the way, what kind of DVD Tanaka rented in the past was a godly top secret.
Suke-san continued to get himself accustomed to the new magic he’d learned, while Tanaka on the other hand tried using Accel on him. Not only was it useful in combat, this magic seemed to be also useful in training. Tanaka was delighted with the unexpected harvest. After that, while checking the cards in each other’s hands, they devised several tactics. Cool stance, Tanaka showed no compromise as they devised a balanced cool pose for the two. As they did this and that, they gallantly passed by the promised date with impunity, and somehow managed to complete their training with satisfactory results.
「Fufufu, it took a bit longer than planned, but with this we’ve managed to somehow increase our battle prowess. Well, I did say that the training would last for around a week, so I’m sure they’d tolerate the difference of a day or two weeks.」
「I have a feeling that the units are not quite right there-degozaru.」
With this, this period of training finally came to an end. The two immediately finished their preparations and departed. Just as the time they headed there, they continued to hunt monsters, simultaneously taking it as combat training. As Suke-san was now capable of using magic, his prowess was considerably boosted up. Satisfied with the results of their training this time, they returned at a leisurely pace.
As the two were finally about to arrive at the town, they could see smoke rising from there in the distance. In the sky overhead the town, numerous shadows were flying around like ants swarming their prey.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 23 Experience: 1257/2300 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.7e13/3.7e13 Magical energy: 5.1e13/5.1e13
Strength: 3.7e12 Dexterity: 3.6e12 Agility: 3.7e12
Intelligence: 4.9e12 Spirit: 4.9e12
Skills: Sword (2.33) Magic (2.14) Believed One (1.49) Dragon Slayer (0.51)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak
Money: 401,000G
Name: Suke
Level: 8 Experience: 270/800 Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 113.00/113.00 Magical energy: 159.00/159.00
Strength: 45.00 Dexterity: 44.00 Agility: 59.00
Intelligence: 54.00 Spirit: 57.00
Skills: Lance (0.83) Magic (1.08)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
