Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 98 Part 1.

Striving Toward the Orthodox Path
「Gaaaahhhh!」
Kamui let out a cry, unable to endure the electrified-like shock he received. It was as if he had been crucified by something invisible, his limbs stretched out as his body floated into the air.
「Fufufu, were you surprised? But, it isn’t as if you honestly believe that we put no restriction whatsoever on an enormous power known as Hero, right?」
The eyes of Princess Lala were emitting magical radiance. It was clear that she was the cause of the phenomenon that was occurring in Kamui’s body.
「What are you doing?!」
Tetsujin tried to leap upon Princess Lala, but the ones who stood as if to get in her way were the attendants who came alongside them from the Purin Kingdom. Taking off their robes, white wings, which were proof that they were apostles of Morinaga, were revealed on their back. There were no special individuals such as angel Caramel, but they possessed enough battle power that could be said to be a threat to normal humans. Sensing this instantly, Tetsujin had no choice but to stop in her tracks.
Giving a sidelong glance to such a scene, Princess Lala continued the conversation.
「Now then, Hero-sama, the time has finally come for you to perform your final duty. It’s to offer that body of yours to Morinaga-sama. Let’s have your body act as the vessel of God and be worshiped by all.」
Facing Kamui, whose face was twisted in extreme pain, Princess Lala calmly addressed him. You could catch a glimpse of her abnormality from her enraptured state.
「It is said that for a supernatural being to materialize is the same as weakening itself, but thanks to the research of our country, that is already a matter of the past. It has been proven that by selecting the suitable specimen and giving them measures to enhance their aptitude, it’s possible to materialize without any disadvantages. On the contrary, as there is no need for magical energy expenditure to maintain its existence, it’s safe to assume that it will be possible to wield even greater power. The moment Morinaga-sama descends into your body, how much power will they be able to wield? My heart is fluttering with anticipation.」
Kamui struggled to break free from the binding spell that had been placed upon him. However, he could not even move his limbs properly.
『There’s nothing to be afraid of. Your soul shall become my nourishment, and that body shall live for eternity alongside me. 』
「Guoooo!」
The light dragon that had been floating in the sky above finally began to move. With its drawing near jaw before his eyes, still unable to break the binding apart, Kamui let out a cry.
The moment he thought he was going to get swallowed up by Morinaga as he was, as if to tear the two apart, a flash of light glittered.
「I can’t afford to stand by and watch my countrymen in danger, after all.」
The one who had intervened was Yashichi. At the power of God unleashed from the body of Yashichi, who was standing in its way while holding both of his hands up into the sky, Morinaga stopped its movement.
『The true Hero, huh. 』
「I’m not very good at this kind of technique, you see. So I’ll have to forcefully break it!」
Light was unleashed from Yashichi’s body. Basking in this unleashed power of God, Princess Lala’s face was warped in pain.
「You….」
The moment princess Lala, who was holding her head due to the pain that assailed her, opened her shut eyes again, the dubious light that had been dwelling in her eyes until just a moment ago was nowhere to be seen.
Getting the binding spell broken, Kamui landed on the ground. However, as the burden on his body from the spell he had been under until just a moment ago was unexpectedly large, he fell to one knee and gasped for air.
「Are you okay? You may have escaped from the imminent danger, but the situation is still not good. I’m sorry, but I’d like you to stand up even if you have to force yourself.」
Getting down next to Kamui, Yashichi readied his weapon without any semblance of negligence.
「Y, you are?」
「I’m your senior who was summoned quite a long time ago.」
「Kill that intruder!」
Without giving the two any more time to talk, the apostles of Morinaga moved at Princess Lala’s command.
「While we’re at it, let’s help ourselves to interfere.」
An apostle was blown away by a dropkick from Mikoto, who launched a surprise attack from the side. At this assault that wrapped in several others as it was, the legs of Morinaga’s apostles halted.
Using this chance, Mikoto, followed by Tetsujin, stood in front of Kamui, who fell to his knees.
「You’ve also come, huh, my bad.」
「For now focus on breaking away from this crisis. Don’t tell me, you have no intention of doing those girls any favors in this situation, don’t you?」
「My relationship with them has crumbled a long time ago. No, there was no such thing from the beginning…. I get to realize it now. They did lavish me with praises as a Hero, but in fact, the options they gave me were slim to none.」
Kamui stood up. Body wise, he was not in a satisfactory state, but as he felt somewhat refreshed somewhere in his mind, he was brimming with fighting spirit.
「I will also fight to quell this chaos. Even if the opponent is the Purin Kingdom…., or even a God!」
Kamui held up his sword. At the point of it was the apostles of Morinaga, and then Princess Lala.
「I’m sorry, Tetsujin. Somehow, it’s turned into having you fight due to my personal circumstance.」
「Don’t worry about it. I didn’t like them from the start, after all.」
Still holding her sword at the ready, Tetsujin’s manner was scarce of emotion as usual. Given how overly usual her reaction was, Kamui floated a smile.
◇ ◇ ◇
