Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 78 part 1.

Supreme Being
Around the time when the bustle of the night had died down, and people’s consciousness was about to be transported to the dream world. Even the tavern that had been the center of the hustle and bustle until just a few minutes ago was now in the midst of a quiet moment.
The tavern old man was cleaning up behind the counter. The faint noises he made were akin to pleasant music that suited this place. However, there remained a man who sometimes disturbed this modest recital.
「Hey, ol’ man, you know what? Even I, you see…. I’ve gotten a little more self-conscious of it, you know? That my being at the center of the world is…, nothing more than vanity.」
「Is that so? I don’t know what to say as you finally realize it at that age, but…. Well, isn’t that great that you’ve become a little wiser?」
The tavern old man responded in a casual manner while continuing to clean up. He had truly gotten used to it.
「Yeah…, no matter how much I calculate it, just a moment ago, my hair also seemed to be sliding off the center of the world, after all. It’s no wonder the world doesn’t move the way I want it to. Haa.」
「That’s practically the center of the world, isn’t it?! You’re way more off than that! Moreover, you’re off in a lot of ways! Just how self-centered are you?!」
The tavern old man’s retorts directly hit Tanaka, who was fuming at the counter. However, Tanaka was completely unperturbed.
「That’s why, you see…, I tried my best to at least fulfill my meager dream. I wanted to become the richest man in the world and be fawned over by all the beautiful women in the world. But that dream was crushed shortly after…. I bet there’s no man who has ever been faced with such unreasonableness as me, right? To be frank, I think the world hates me quite a lot, you see.」
「No, I honestly think it’s good that your wish wasn’t fulfilled. For the sake of the world.」
It was unknown whether he heard what the tavern old man said or not. Tanaka continued to mumble about as he sipped his milk bit by bit.
「Ol’ man, you know what….」
「No, enough with that, just go home already! As you’re getting in the way of my work.」
Just as he thought the repetitive exchange was about to go on as it was. The casual remark Tanaka leaked out next turned the atmosphere in the tavern around.
「Why is it that no matter which tavern I go to at every town, it’s always the same ol’ man there?」
「What?」
The tavern old man’s surprise lasted only for a moment. The next moment, as if gravity had skyrocketed, a heavy pressure swooped down in the area. It was more than enough pressure to turn off Tanaka’s laid-back mode.
「Since when did you notice it?」
「W, well…, since when was it, I wonder? Perhaps it was during the time I was traveling through the kingdom? Now that I think about it, I wonder why I didn’t notice it before. Hahahahaha….」
To the tavern old man who was unusually in serious mode, Tanaka replied in fluster.
「You mean you’ve cleared the conditions since the beginning, huh…. Why didn’t you say anything when you noticed it?」
「It happens all the time, doesn’t it? You know, like the police officer-san who works together with the electric mouse, or something?」
「What the hell are you talking about?」
This was the anime version of the nationwide game ‘Bucket Monster’ that Tanaka used to watch. This was probably because the police officers that appeared there had the same design no matter which town they were in. Tanaka-san’s extensive knowledge seemed to have backfired on him there.
「Nevertheless, what a surprise. Just what in the world are you?」
「Even if you ask me what I am…. Rather, I don’t understand the situation at all, though.」
Perhaps regaining himself back. Tanaka expressed his question toward the tavern old man, who had arbitrarily proceeded with the conversation.
「You inherited it from the Witch of Abyss, right? The power of God. Did she not explain it to you by then?」
Now it was Tanaka’s turn to be surprised. No one but the Thridiots trio was aware of this matter. Team Tanaka boasted a unity power that was comparable to that of konjac noodles. It was impossible for such them to have leaked the information, so it was only natural for Tanaka to be surprised.
「You seem surprised. This is a good opportunity, so I’ll tell you some special information. For example…, who do you think is the greatest person in this society?」
「Hmm? What are you getting at all of a sudden? It’s of course the King, right? In terms of power, I guess it’s either the king of the Kingdom or the Empire.」
He felt that the conversation had suddenly sidetracked, but Tanaka still honestly offered his answer.
「Well, I guess that’s pretty much the common answer. But that’s not true. In this world, there is an elite among elites who collects and manages all kinds of information. That is the profession known as the ‘Tavern Old Man’. Should I use this information as a weapon, power is at my fingertips. Without a doubt, the one standing at the top of social hierarchy is this me.」
「S, seriously…. That’s awesome, Ol’ man.」
「Yeah, it’s just the management of the tavern is in the red, though.」
「Just why?! Can you not just use information as a weapon or something to uhauhaly obtain power and wealth! While you’re at it, please let me uhauha as well. Very please.」
「You fool! As if I can do such an unfair action! A Tavern Old Man is exactly he who does the management of the tavern properly, right?」
Apparently, the elite among elites unexpectedly boasted high pride in their profession. Tanaka’s meager wish was denied.
