Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 70 part 1.

The reason for your defeat was that you were too hasty
The two of them stared at and faced each other. The first one to make their move was All Biter. One after another, tentacles opened their mouths and unleashed magic attacks. More than a hundred of various mid-level magic attacks were coming at Tanaka. Moreover, powered by All Biter’s bottomless magical energy, each of these attacks was comparable to that of high-level magic in firepower.
「Hmph, what a stupid farce.」
However, even in the face of such attacks that could be said to be overwhelming, Tanaka didn’t cease his composed attitude. This was because Tanaka, who had already taken control of the air in the area with live-support magic, had perfectly grasped each and every incoming various magic attacks that All Biter unleashed.
「Sing a hundred, play a thousand, the blade of fantasy that reflects all creation — Army of Mirrors – Copycat Troopers.」
In the past, the battle between Gods and Evil Gods that was said to be the end of the world. One of the reasons why Tanaka was able to continue fighting without losing ground despite the disadvantage suffered by the Evil army during the final stage of the war was the existence of this secret technique, Army of Mirrors – Copycat Troopers.
It was a technique, feared by even Gods, which analyzed enemy’s abilities and created an imitation that looked just like the real thing. However, due to the shackle of the vast amount of energy it consumed, unable to reverse the tide of the war, the Evil army ended up being reduced to the depths of the earth – as such, while it was just the same as usual, good work with the delusion.
The stone balls unleashed in Multiple Chanting by Tanaka-san precisely shot down All Biter’s attacks, before raining down on All Biter’s body as they were. The scene of the tentacles bursting one after another, and a large hole visibly being created in the gigantic body was truly a sight to behold. However, the other party was also a monster among monsters. At once, the tentacles grew back and the large hole was closed.
「Don’t underestimate me. I’ve long since seen through that you’re hiding your power–. Show it to me! That true power of yours!」
The first exchange was in Tanaka’s favor. However, Tanaka was not letting his guard down in the slightest. His opponent was that ‘The strongest monster I came up with’. As the deduction of the defective detective Tanaka had ascertained the existence of a hidden cheat on his opponent, there was no way he could afford to let his guard down. And then, as if to affirm that remark of Tanaka, All Biter floated a broad and nasty smile in response.
「As expected of you. Nevertheless, even though you’ve already perceived it, for you to ask me to show it, aren’t you the one who’s underestimating me?!」
Its gigantic body was clad in a vast amount of magical energy at once. And then, it constructed another attack magic. Everyone felt a premonition of the dreadfulness of the soon coming attack the moment this magic, that seemed as though jam packed with power, was unleashed.
「I’d always devoted myself to research, you see. I didn’t know how to fight, and I didn’t know how to use magic either. However, I’m feeling quite proud that I’m fighting fairly well now. I think I’m getting pretty good at it, if I do say so myself. –Now then, do you understand what that means?!」
As if to engulf Tanaka, who was floating in the air, a pillar of light appeared. More lights appeared one after another and formed an outline that reminisced of a shrine.
「That magic is!」
Kamui, who had been watching the battle from a distance, exclaimed in surprise. It was one of the high-order magic hidden by Purinism, and was also the trump card of that certain companion of his.
「My predation is more than just mere predation! It’s not merely about devouring the blood, flesh, and bones. As the magical energy, knowledge, and skills they possess will also be mine! No matter how much of a genius you are, you’re no different than a worm in the face of this super growth! Now then, this realm of power that no one has ever reached. Savor it to the fullest!」
The huge shrine in the sky shone even brighter.
「This wave… And this radiance…. The inside of that shrine is a hell that’s far beyond even my high-order magic!」
Merlin let out a groan as he covered his eyes with his arm at the glow that illuminated the world and the tremendous wave generated by the magical energy. However, everyone could sense it, not needing to hear his words. That the light in front of them was an attack on a beyond comprehension level .
It was possible to increase the power of magic by consuming a vast amount of magical energy. However, there were not many people who used this method to attack. This was because the ratio of the increase in firepower to the amount of magical energy consumed couldn’t be said to be good. If they were going to spend the same amount of magical energy anyway, the more reasonable option would be to either invoke a higher order magic or to attack multiple times with the same magic.
However, the third-order magic in front of them was generating energy that far surpassed Merlin’s first-order magic. That could only mean All Biter’s magical energy capacity was so vast to the point the Great Sage Merlin, Mankind’s greatest magician, looked dwarfed, and there was no need to worry about magical energy consumption.
As if to affirm this cruel fact, the energy of destruction increased in intensity.
And then, just as the thought that at that rate the battle was going to end at once crossed their minds, something beyond even their imagination occurred.
Along with high-pitched sound, the shrine of light shattered. What emerged there was a deep darkness that gave the illusion as though sucking everything in–. A man, clad in a high concentration of magical energy to the point of being visible, covered his face with his left hand and floated a smile.
「Kukukuku. I see…, I admit it. That power—it’s indeed a power worthy of being called a cheat.」
Finally, All Biter’s cheat was revealed. However, Tanaka’s relaxed attitude did falter in the slightest. It was none other than because that plunder-type ability possessed by All Biter was a power he was very familiar with.
That ability was a major cheat that was once a fad on a certain novel submission site, to the point dominating the daily rankings. ‘It may be popular, but what outrageousness to mass produce it to the point of ruining my scoop. The moment we meet later after my return from the peach-colored two-dimensional board, I’ll never come back from collecting images on the two-dimensional board again this year, so bear that in mind!’ such were the words of indignation of Tanaka Taro, a plebian of the time. For an ability which was that famous, it was only natural that Tanaka-san, a self-proclaimed literary master, would be familiar with it.
「An ability with infinite potential–. But that’s not enough. It’s not enough to be a complete cheat, Kukukuku.」
Surprisingly, this fearsome professional delusionist had already seen through the weakness of the plunder-type ability. At that moment, Tanaka was convinced of victory.
