Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 68 part 3.

In no time at all, Cassius’ tentacle swallowed Kaltovich up. It then strangely swelled up like a snake that was swallowing its prey whole. The tentacle slowly wriggled as if it was chewing. At this scene that was producing the sole noise on the battlefield, which had turned quiet, everyone felt an unpleasant feeling that made their hair stand on end.
「As expected, I’d like to refrain myself from having such an end….」
With a trembling voice, Mikoto murmured as such.
She had been traveling in this other world for more than two years. During those times, she’d experienced various trials, in order to attain power befitting those of a hero she currently possessed. Such her froze due to fear, which she had long forgotten.
「Get a grip…, or so I’d like to say, but as expected that that is real bad news.」
Before they knew it, Merlin had already moved next to Mikoto. Even he, who normally possessed composure to display somewhat idiotic airs at any moment, was displaying tense expression at the moment. That showed how grave the current situation was.
「Hey, Kugel.」
Curryman, who had also moved next to the three brothers, called out to Kugel. He turned his gaze toward Kugel’s little brothers. Perhaps managing to perceive his thoughts with only that, Kugel gave instructions to his little brothers.
「Madpie, Orangetto. Lead the others and depart this place right away.」
「What are you talking about, big bro? I’m going to fight too.」
「He’s right. Turning our back and running away from such a dangerous monster is–.」
Despite their tough front, the two’s voices were trembling faintly.
「We’ll hold down that thing. So you guys quickly go.」
Without letting his guard down, Curryman said as he kept observing fixedly on the monster.
「O little brothers of mine. Don’t ever forget the karma we are shouldering. As long as you are still alive, you must save as many lives as possible.」
That seemed as though a will. Still staring fixedly at the monster, Kugel continued his words.
「The current you should be able to fight against the monsters in the mountain ranges. Be sure to protect everyone with all your strength. That is your duty.」
「Big bro….」
The face of Madpie and Orangetto, who had been acting though, turned into a look of grief. On the other hand, Kugel didn’t even turn his face toward his little brothers. The situation was simply so grave that there was no time to waste. The two little brothers clenched their teeth and turned around, before running off with vigor. In order to carry out their mission–.
「Why are you acting all melancholy like that? I have no shred of intention of dying, you know? I’ll survive for sure.」
「Phew, just in case. Even I have no intention in the slightest of getting myself eaten by that creature either.」
And then, betting on their survival, Curryman and Kugel moved forward. The first thing they did was to address the guests who had participated along the way.
「Thank you for your help. Even if you step back here, I won’t hold it against you, and my gratitude will remain the same.」
「What’s that? As if I can do something like that… or so I’d like to put on airs, but I guess that’s out of question now that I can’t even stop shaking, huh. Honestly speaking, I want to run away, but as it seems that the opponent has no intention of letting me go, it’s more like I have no choice but to stay.」
「Well, I’m sorry to hear that…. No, I’m really sorry. Please don’t look back at me with those tears in your eyes.」
Curryman, who usually talked in a frivolous manner, honestly apologized, seeing the expression shown by Mikoto.
「You don’t have to mind her. Geez, you’re still lacking in training. What kind of hero you are to lose your courage?」
「I can’t help but become like this after being shown such a disgusting thing. Before I’m a hero, I’m a frail maiden, after all.」
「A frail maiden, you say…, looks like you can’t to see yourself properly due to fear.」
「Shut up! Everyone is frail in the face of such a monster!」
「Now that you mention it, that’s indeed true, I suppose.」
「Hmph!」
She might be putting on airs, but Mikoto seemed to be getting somewhat better. If it were also part of the great sage’s plan, then quite a great deal of an old man he was. Though, looking at the way he was secretly checking where there was damage on the sailor uniform or not, there was a high possibility that it was just a coincidence.
「Well, in a while, we’ll be riding on the same boat, so best regards. I’m Curryman, and this is Kugel.」
「I’m Mikoto. I may not look like it, but I’m a hero. And this is the Great Sage Merlin.」
「Oh, I see.」
Curryman, hearing the identity of their helpers, was convinced. They were still in a grave situation even now, but without their help, there was no doubt that they would have met their demise sooner in another manner, after all.
「And then, what about the party of hero-sama over there?」
「……」
Curryman turned to call out to Kamui and Tetsujin, but what he received in return was silence. It didn’t seem like he didn’t hear him, but Kamui was simply glaring fixedly at the monster without moving.
「… There’s no other way to fight against that monster but to cooperate.」
Tetsujin answered in his stead. Were those words said toward Curryman? Or were they persuasion toward Kamui?
「… We’re going to avenge Kalt. As long as you don’t get in our way, we won’t do anything to you either.」
「I’m fine with that.」
It might have been only a makeshift, but all of them decided to take a cooperative stance.
There were still a considerable number of kingdom soldiers, but they were as good as nonexistent. The majority of them either were injured or losing their fighting spirit, and the fight was expected to be at a level where they would not even be able to contribute anything in the first place.
And then, Cassius seemed to have finished his preparation as well. An eerie something appeared behind him. The monster – which looked like a mixture of various monsters, with its huge wings flapping – landed next to Cassius.
「A chimera, huh….」
Toward the great sage’s murmur, Cassius replied in a smile.
「It seems to have eaten up all the prey down there. So let’s have it enjoy the preys that are here next.」
The tentacles that were wriggling on the gigantic creature’s body stretched out creepily and grabbed Cassius’ body.
「I am ‘The one who devours everything – All Biter’. The new God…」
Cassius was carried toward the head area of the monster, before then fusing with what appeared to be a female body attached there.
「Now then, entertain me with everything you’ve got」
The heroes and the others braced themselves at once. Thus began the do-or-die resistance of those who were betting their survival there.
