Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 91 Part 2.

『I thought what you were going to do, but what a joke–.』
When the incarnation of Destruction made a mowing gesture with its hand, a powerful energy wave was radiated, swallowing up the hamster figures. After the glow subsided–.
『Impossible….』
Being bathed in the power that reduced all existence to nothingness, the hamster figures were still apparent.
「Kukuku, you won’t be able to break this formation. Even if it’s the power of destruction that returns everything to nothingness, now that this me have summoned the three great demons, it’s nothing.」
『So what? No more messing around. I’ll dispose of you at once–』
The arm of the incarnation of Destruction stretched out, loomed over in an attempt to capture Tanaka. However, as if being swallowed by something invisible, the arm vanished. No matter how many arms it produced, they vanished one after another, without being able to reach Tanaka.
「It’s useless! The barrier of the three great devils is now complete. As long as this power of God imbued barrier is standing, it is impossible to interfere with the outside!」
What a terrifying ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’ Grand Magic. Before explaining this secret technique, let’s talk about the rigorous journey where Tanaka-san’s blood, sweat, and juice-like something were like that as such to arrive at this point.
Tanaka was well aware that his battle power was on the level of the trembling legs of a newborn fawn. And also that the sole trump card such him possessed was magic.
The fear of magic running out of control due to his enormous magical energy was already a thing of the past. For Tanaka, who had been honing his mastery of the control of magic, magic was akin to his emotional support. It surely was already a common knowledge to the readers that what such Tanaka feared the most were anti-magic tactics such as magic nullification. And then, even among all these, what he feared the most was magic reflection – counter. Being able to wield powerful magic as a weapon was good and all, but getting it being reflected back toward themselves was extremely dangerous. Needless to say, as someone who boasted puny status himself, he was well aware that it would mean instant game over.
He had managed to make it through with cheap tricks such as avoiding direct attacks and attacking from the rear, but in preparation for the rigorous battles from now on, he decided to engage in fundamental improvement during the solo journey this time. The fruit born out of it was the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’.
The hamster figures created by this secret technique performed automatic defense, or in a way automatic intercept according to Tanaka’s general instructions. Receiving the backup of Tanaka’s magical energy, they possessed high performance such as being able to perform even Grand Magic, and they could even be called Tanaka’s alter egos. The little mannish idea of leaving the frontal attack to these alter egos while he himself spectating from a safe distance. All could be said was that it was so Tanaka-like.
「I’m grateful to you. Because you made me realize the further potential of this secret technique that I thought was already perfect.」
The hint came from the existence of the incarnation of Destruction itself. At the moment, it was engaged in a fight, but no matter what the outcome of the battle would be, it wasn’t as if the God of Destruction who was the main body would face any danger. In other words, it could be said to be the basis of the relationship between Tanaka and the hamster figures. In that case, there was no choice but to give it a try. In order not to miss out on this big wave.
Thus, as he gave it a try to ride there and it somehow went smoothly, this complete version of the ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’ was born.
The power of God was also possible to be utilized by the hamster figures. The rotation of the hamster figures splendidly covered up for the time loss and short maintaining duration when utilizing it.
The ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation,’ which was completed as a means of attack, functioned as a tool for utilizing the power of God.
「I can’t afford to let this world be reduced to nothing, but this is the least gratitude I can offer. Let me reduce you yourself to nothingness.」
From the space surrounded by the three hamster figures, there was no longer any influence on the side where Tanaka was. He could unleash attacks without reservation.
「The past–, the present–, and the future–. The never-ending chain of negativity–. The ostracized source of the negativity–. Destroy everything with inexhaustible and infinite power–.」
The manifestation of the power of God was instantaneous. In order to settle the battle with this attack, he mustered up his magical energy.
「The coming around Monday – Anra Mayu.」
High energy filled the enclosed space. It was an energy of destruction that would be no exaggeration to be called the materialization of negative energy that accumulated on Mondays from the hatred that continued to surge forth from people.
In the face of this sense of aversion to Monday of Tanaka-san, the incarnation of Destruction realized that it would be extinguished.
『I’ll admit that it’s my defeat this time…. But don’t forget…. I will descend again and turn this world to nothing…. This is already an inevitable fate…..』
「Hmph…, you better stop underestimating me. I already know everything, after all.」
『…What?』
「Everything’s coming together at last. The conspiracy that is stirring in the shadows of the Imperial Capital…. Your objective!」
『No way…. How…?』
With a slight pause, Tanaka sharply struck a pose.
「With my pink colored bran cell, this level of mystery is a piece of cake! I’ve clearly seen through that you’re making moves in order to obstruct my harem! And then! Crushing the mixer event that would become the beginning of everything, that’s your objective this time!」
『What are you…. talk….』
In the midst of confusion, the incarnation of Destruction finally disappeared. Before long, the Grand Magic also vanished, what remained was a lone Tanaka who was floating in the sky. Smile naturally floated on his face.
「Kukuku, no matter how many times that guy resurrects, there’s no longer any need to fear. It’s already promised that the resurrected mysterious person is always weakened. I’ll kill it easily with the completed ‘Great Sins Triad Annihilation Formation’ time and again!」
Tanaka departed in exhilaration. As he moved through the sky, he could already vividly see himself being welcomed by Echigoya, surrounded by beautiful women and going kyakya ufufu in the near future.
◇ ◇ ◇
「To think that he had arranged such a level of guardian. The God of Creation (that guy) sure is not one to be underestimated. However, when my plan succeeds, it will all be in vain. Before long, this world will surely turn into nothing.」
There was someone who spectated this whole battle. This being, who was further above than the sky battle, left behind an eerie prophecy as they saw off the departing Tanaka.
