Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 107 Part 1.

Those Who Resist
For Tanaka, who had stepped into the realm of the Gods, long distance traveling was no longer a time-consuming task. It would have been even possible for him to instantly move there, but perhaps because of the trauma of Transfer he experienced days ago, he faithfully moved toward Nanashi town.
Along with eerie rustling sounds, Tanaka arrived at his destination in the blink of an eye, but just as he arrived in front of the tavern, he finally realized something.
「Ah…, old man is a mysterious entity, so there should be no need for me to come all the way here….」
「Who are you calling a mysterious entity, you fool?」
Timely opening the door with the ‘closed today’ plaque hanging on it, the tavern old man-slash-God of Creation showed up.
「We have no more time. Hurry up and get in.」
「It, it’s not like I screwed up or anything, alright?! I was just trying to throw a joke, alright?!」
Ignoring Tanaka’s repulsing excuses, the tavern old man disappeared toward beyond the door. While feeling a little, just a little bit lonely, Tanaka stepped into the tavern.
With the tables and chairs pulled to the sides, the tavern seemed larger than usual.
「It may be sudden, but I’m going to switch the place now. This world is too small for the current you to fully use your power, after all.」
As soon as he said that, the tavern old man made a door of light appear in the tavern.
「Let’s go.」
「O, oh….」
Tanaka, even while in a daze due to the rapidity of the development, followed the tavern old man through the door of light.
What lay beyond there was a disappointingly normal living area. Though, as far as the commoner Tanaka was concerned, it was a dwelling with an overly extravagant space.
The tavern old man traversed the room and headed toward another door. Tanaka also followed along, but what lay ahead was a sight that Tanaka had never expected.
Pure white sky and pure white ground. They stretched as far as the eye could see. Without even a source of light to be found in that place, there spread a pure white world. Speaking of the thing that existed in this world, it was none other than the door of light through which Tanaka and the tavern old man had just entered.
「This is a special space created far away from where we came from. So far away that we wouldn’t be able to see it even if we looked at the night sky. Specifically speaking, it is located at the very edge of the world. It was originally a place for the Witch of Abyss to standby at the expected time to come, but it’s a perfect place to train.」
「Hmm? I feel like I’ve seen this place somewhere before…. It’s kind of similar to that, isn’t it? The Soul and Time–.」
「You fool!!」
As if to drown out Tanaka’s words, the angry roar of the tavern old man reverberated.
「You…, what in the world were you intending to say? This world is going to collapse, you know? What are you going to do if you make world disappear before even the battle against the God of Destruction?」
「My…, my bad.」
This was entirely Tanaka’s fault. Due to the fame of the popular cheat sure win protagonist, perhaps Tanaka must have let his guard down. I truly hoped that he would refrain from saying or doing anything that would invite scolding from various sides from now on.
「W, well, you see. It was so dreary that as expected even I was a bit that in such a manner about it. Anyway, at this rate it won’t be good for our mental health, so let me rearrange it for a bit.」
Tanaka said before attempting to transform this space.
What he recalled was the sensation he felt at the star inhabited by the hamsters—namely Ham Star, the other day. With the trick he used to gain access to the world he had created himself, he gradually took control of this space.
After a while, the sky gradually became dyed blue, and the earth turned green. The shape was so artificially far from natural as usual, but it was a lot better than the pure white world until just a moment ago.
「Oh, not bad.」
「That means I haven’t been through carnages for nothing.」
Tanaka elatedly struck his signature pose. However, the tavern old man was unperturbed by it.
「But something on this level is still far from enough. Before I have you erect a new barrier, I’ll have you strictly trained here, alright?」
「Wa, wait a minute! You said before that the barrier you erected won’t last that long, right, old man? In that case, let’s just ignore such trivialities and erect a new one at once. I may not look like it, but I’m a pretty busy guy myself, you see. The event of me doing this and this with Hero-chan should be awaiting me, after all.」
There was no such future. With a grim expression that seemed to be implying that, the tavern old man stared at the sky.
The blue sky that Tanaka had created vanished, and the universe came into view.
「There used to be way more stars shining in this universe. However, when the God of Destruction appeared–, at the aftermath of the battle of the past, countless stars perished.」
「Se… seriously?」
「Not only that, due to even the safe stars being exposed to the power of Destruction, countless living beings died. And the place I gathered the view surviving ones at was a certain star that was at the center of this universe—the place you guys are currently living at.」
「…..」
This was the serious atmosphere that Tanaka-san hated the most. He felt that if he tried to joke around here, someone would appear out of nowhere and say ‘you mustn’t say anything further than that’, so he decided to stay put for the time being.
「And this universe has been left as it was for a long time after that battle. These stars are akin to the tombstones of those who had perished at that time. I made a vow to them. That I wouldn’t let there be any more casualties. So Tanaka, please help me create a barrier that is even a single bit stronger.」
「O…, okay. Got it, old man.」
Thus, dreaming of being able to do such and such a thing with Hero-chan, Tanaka–. Rather, in order to return to the place he belonged to as soon as possible, he began to endeavor in trial and error that could satisfy the tavern old man.
◇ ◇ ◇
