Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 25 Part 2.

「I succeeded! My new, most powerful Evil God was born! With this, I’ll bury everything, be it the monsters or whatever else.」
Cassius couldn’t hide his excitement at the success of the ritual. He was proud of the results of the ritual he had created with his own two hands.
Gradually, the light subsided, revealing the true appearance of the Evil God.
In contrast to Cassius, however, everyone there was shaken. Especially those of the remaining few soldiers of the Republican army soldiers.
「What’s wrong? What are you all getting so flustered about?」
Cassius didn’t fail to notice the unusual air of those around him.
From the soldiers of the Republican army, he could even see the look of fear on their faces.
Then Brutus, who was standing next to Cassius, briefly explained to him.
「That’s one of the monsters that appeared at Tenohira Plains—」
◇ ◇ ◇
「Oh, huh?」
Tanaka had enjoyed sightseeing around the Gokuri regions until just a few days ago. He had enjoyed himself enough there that he had decided to return, and was on his way back, to the Haru Empire, or so that was how it was supposed to be.
However, in the middle of the journey, light suddenly began to glow out of the surrounding ground and swallowed him. And the light had finally subsided now, but…
「What’s going on… No, I have a feeling something like this has happened before….」
That was right, Tanaka had already experienced similar situations. The first time was when he was summoned to another world, and the second time was when Kaku-san performed transfer magic.
He didn’t know the details, but he knew right away that he had somehow been transferred there.
There were also countless collapsed bodies around him on the ground. Based on their appearance, he could tell that they were soldiers.
「Not the battlefield again! … Well, it’s fine. No, it isn’t really fine, but more importantly the problem is…」
He looked around the area, but couldn’t find the presences of Suke-san and Kaku-san. It seemed that Tanaka was the only one who was transferred there.
「Guh, it’s not good. I have to do something about it… Kaku-san is more or less a spirit, so he might be able to do something about it. Should I stay here and wait for their help I wonder?」
Nevertheless, this was a battlefield littered with dead bodies here and there. Tanaka wasn’t so bold as to be able to calmly stay in a place like that. Thus, for the time being, he decided to start moving around for a bit.
◇ ◇ ◇
「– That’s one of the monsters that appeared at Tenohira Plains.」
「Wh, what… did you say? No, that’s…」
Cassius was startled by her unexpected explanation. But soon enough, something seemed to have occurred to him. Cassius began to ponder about it. He showed a very serious expression, which was unusual for him.
「It seems that this whole Evil God summoning stunt of yours has ended up in a failure, huh.」
Shosa said to Cassius, who was lost in thought. However, Shosa’s voice didn’t seem to reach Cassius’ ears at all. As he remained absorbed in thought.
「Someone go and explain what’s going on to Sergeant-dono. I’d like to avoid being treated as enemies by him, after all. If possible, it’d be even better if you could invite him here.」
One of the Alliance soldiers ran out and headed to the battlefield. After confirming this, Shosa turned his attention to Cassius again.
Before he noticed it, however, a composed smile had returned to Cassius’ face.
「I see. Fufufu, what a blunder, it seems that I’ve underestimated the monsters of the Tenohira Plains.」
It seemed that the man had finally returned from his own world.
「You’d better cease any further futile struggle. This war, no, this Republic of Gokuri is no more. There is no point in fighting anymore. Quickly remove this barrier and release my sister.」
However, Cassius responded to his words with a look of composure.
「Very assured of victory, aren’t we? Well, how about we wait and see what will happen in a bit then? Let’s wait for our guest who has created such a huge wave upon this insurrection that has lasted for so long.」
After a while, Tanaka arrived at this place. Everyone there was overwhelmed by his presence. However, not one to be outdone, Tanaka was also similarly overwhelmed by the heavy atmosphere in the area. At once, his self-protection system kicked in and he switched into Chuunibyou mode.
「It’s been a long time, Major-dono. Nevertheless, to think there would be someone who had the gall to summon me. Which fool was it?」
「That one over there.」
Shosa pointed at Cassius. However, without any hesitation, the person in question spoke to Tanaka.
「Again and again, you sure like throwing a wrench in our plans, don’t you? But nothing can stop our victory this time. I’ve perfectly instilled domination technique upon my summoning technique. Brutus, take control of him. And then, have him annihilate the surrounding Alliance army.」
The air in the place froze. Brutus raised her staff of dominance toward Tanaka. The black crystal attached onto the tip of the staff shone as it tried to dominate Tanaka.
The power of domination surged toward Tanaka through the magical connection which was attached on him during the summoning process. However, Tanaka’s abnormal resistance easily suppressed this power. Moreover, Tanaka’s enormous magical energy leaked out through the magical connection. These occurrences were normally impossible to occur, but Tanaka’s power was simply that abnormal. As a result, the staff of domination shattered soon after.
Even Cassius couldn’t help but froze at the sight, and silence dominated the place. After a while, with a trembling voice, Cassius squeezed out his words.
「What happened… you bastard, what the hell did you do?」
「What did I do, you ask? Why do you think I casually showed myself here? Of course, it’s because everything is within my control.」
Of course, he knew nothing of what was going, so Tanaka decided to answer the question with the suitable line for the situation.
Seemingly found it unbelievable, Cassius started yelling at Tanaka.
「Don’t tell me, it was all on purpose? Are you telling me that you deliberately jumped into the summoning ritual to interrupt us from summoning the Evil God?! Not to mention even breaking the domination technique?!」
Tanaka hadn’t the faintest idea of what he was talking about. However, seeing Cassius’ flustered attitude, it made him feel good. Feeling a sense of superiority, Tanaka got carried away and…
「I’ve long since seen through your plans. You’ve been playing right into my hands from the very beginning.」
In his trademark cool pose, he declared Cassius’ defeat.
