Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 105.

The Theory of Relativity-like Matter
After bringing the battle to a close, Tanaka and the God of Creation slowly descend to the ground. The place they landed at was the center of the apostles gathered around Morinaga.
「God of Creation-sama….」
Morinaga, who was in a state of being unable to even stand up, muttered helplessly. As if worrying about the injured Morinaga, her apostles crowded around her.
「What a terrible state.」
「I’m terribly sorry, sir. For being such a disappointment….」
「You know that’s not what I meant, right? Geez. What would have happened if it weren’t for him…. Do you understand?」
The God of Creation condemned Morinaga while jerking his chin.
Speaking of Tanaka, having Morinaga’s gaze shifted toward him for a moment, he showed a crisp expression on his face, despite being unable to follow the conversation at all. Truly him being the usual himself.
「I…, wished to be of some help to God of Creation-sama no matter what…. If only I were able to gather the beliefs of the whole humanity, I would also be able to protect the world from the God of Destruction with my power–.」
「Impossible.」
The God of Creation coldly denied Morinaga’s words. At his reply, Morinaga showed a startled expression like that of a child that was being scolded.
「If that were possible, I would have done it from the beginning. But the realm of us Gods is not something that can be reached with something on such a level. As you are now, you should be able to tell, right? That you, who couldn’t even move in the face of its incarnation, wouldn’t be able to do a thing simply by gaining a bit more power.」
「I’m terribly…. Sorry.」
Morinaga faced down and could do nothing but apologize.
「Oioi, I don’t really get what’s going on, but please leave it at that. She also seems to be injured, after all, I shall not allow you blaming a beautiful woman more than that in my presence, the one renowned as Mr. Dandyism.」
Perhaps someone had called for Mr. Dandyism. The man finally made his move here.
He made an impassioned appeal while sending a sidelong glance to Morinaga. And then, he also appealed for his own kindness by defending her from the tavern old man. Moreover, by casually praising her as a beautiful woman, he also aimed to score some brownie points in her book. It was most likely a professional act.
「You know, here’s as the superior–. Well, whatever. We’re running out of time at the moment, after all. Morinaga, I bet you understand your current situation, don’t you?」
「Yes, I managed to avoid a direct hit, but my core is damaged. I’m sure it won’t be long before my existence disappears.」
「What?!」
Tanaka was startled by these words of Morinaga’s. And at the same time, it reminded Tanaka of some unpleasant memories. It was the moment when Kaku-san’s former master disappeared.
However the Tanaka of today was not the Tanaka of back then. Getting aware of his own power, he had turned into a popular cheat protagonist of the purveyor of a certain novel posting site.
The option to back down here was nonexistent for Tanaka. He was about to promptly save this beautiful woman and swiftly move toward the ‘So cool! Embrace me!’ development, but–.」
「I’ll have you sealed up for a while. In the meantime, be sure to reflect on your actions.」
「Yes, sir.」
「Wai!」
Without waiting for Tanaka-san, light radiated from the hand of the God of Creation. Enveloped by the light, Morinaga’s figure vanished as the light faded, leaving behind only a small crystal that looked like a jewel there.
「Take some quiet rest for the time being. I’ll revive you once I’ve settled my business with the God of Destruction.」
The expression on his face was not unlike the stern one until just a moment ago, but full of kindness, like that of a parent who was worrying about their child. And then, just as the God of Creation was about to pick up the left behind crystal–.
「Wait a minuuuuute!」
「What is it? Suddenly shouting like that.」
「That jewel is where the beautiful woman from earlier is sealed, isn’t it?」
「Yeah, that’s right. The current me can’t afford to use a lot of power, so I had to resort to sealing her. By doing so I’d be able to prolong her life, after all. I can’t afford to disrupt the power I’ve been accumulating in preparation for the battle against the God of Destruction, after all, so I’ll save her revival for later.」
Taking advantage of the God of Creation taking his time in explaining all of that, Tanaka swiftly closed their distance and seized the crystal where Morinaga was sealed before the God of Creation did.
「In that case, the rest is simple. I’ll take the liberty to take care of her. I’m going to magnificently revive her with my own power and then lead kyakya u– no, I’m going to revive her and then give her a thorough educational guidance, so please leave her to me. Fret not, there’s no need to worry about it, father-in-law. Physical education is what I specialize at.」
「No, just who’re you calling father-in-law?」
After a brother-in-law, Tanaka had now obtained a father-in-law as well. No matter how much he sought for a beautiful woman, wasn’t he just too unprincipled? However, such boldness for sparing no effort to even attempt to win over the oil smeared faced old man, all could be said was as expected of him.
「Rather, I’ve got a lot of things I’d like you to do from now on, but….. Well, fine. I’ll leave her to you for the time being, but her revival has to be done after my business is done, alright? In the end, it comes down to whether I have the leeway for it or not, after all.」
「Got it, father-in-law.」
With rotten eyes overflowing with reliability that would surely make a hundred out of ten people doubt them, Tanaka finally succeeded in breaking through this bottleneck event. As expected, was this the definite course of a popular cheat protagonist?
Above all, the erudite Tanaka knew. If you healed an injured slave, the theory of relativity-like matter will cause a chemical reaction with a zap and everything would turn into this and that in a swoosh.
Based on that precedence, a beautiful woman who had turned meek would allow you to do this and that. It surely was inevitable that Tanaka thought so.
Tanaka’s nostrils were twitching from the kyakya ufufu event that was finally just around the corner.
Thus, after this and that, while Tanaka was indulging himself in his delusions, the peanut galleries finally gathered.
「It’s not wrong to assume that the battle is over, right?」
「But of course, Hero-chan. I’m sure you witnessed my gallant figure, didn’t you?」
「Well….」
At Mikoto’s inquiry, Tanaka, who had switched his mode before anyone even noticed it, replied as such. He was displaying a crisp look on his face as if him being all chill due to kyakya ufufu delusions had been nothing but a lie.
On the other hand, speaking of Mikoto, her reaction was subtle. This was not because she witnessed the true color of Tanaka, the all chill appearance from earlier.
It was none other than because as in the previous battle both sides were exchanging attack and defense while similarly interfering with time, it was nothing but an instant occurrence for everyone except Tanaka and the God of Creation.
Just as they thought that Tanaka and the incarnations were about to clash against each other, the next moment the incarnations had already vanished and the distortion in the space had also disappeared. Along with the God of Creation, who before they knew it had already been in the sky, Tanaka was already descending, such was the extent of what Mikoto and the others could perceive.
「Sup, truly good job to all of you.」
Perhaps sensing the awkward air, the God of Creation greeted those who had gathered there as such.
「The battle is over, but we have to do something about this mess.」
The God of Creation looked at their surroundings.
In elation and excitement, Tanaka had restored the ceremonial hall where they were now, but the arena was still in its wrecked state. It was expected that the neighboring buildings also suffered considerable damage.
「We can leave the matter of restoration to them, Morinaga’s apostles, but the problem is how to deal with all such a commotion. I’d like to refrain from disclosing the matter related to the God of Destruction to public, but what to do, I wonder?」
Tanaka, who had received shock upon having his conversation with Hero-chan interrupted and realizing the fact that the most anticipated flirting event would never occur, resurrected himself with indomitable spirit.
「In that case, let me take care of it. Rather, it’s something that ought to be done by me, who has a deep connection with the people of the Imperial Family, right? For sure, no doubt about it. That’s why, I shall get going right away.」
Tanaka concluded as such in an otaku-esque fast-talking manner, and shot off towards the castle.
「Wait a minute! Ah, he’s gone. Geez….」
The God of Creation grumbled as he stared at the castle Tanaka was headed for.
「He sure is eager-degozaru.」
「My friend is as lively as ever.」
Similarly seeing Tanaka off, Suke-san and Yashichi appraised Tanaka’s behavior as such. None of them would have expected that Tanaka-san had flown over in expectation for the get-together event.
That was right, arriving at this point, Tanaka had decided to return to the basics. Why was he here in the Imperial Capital in the first place? It was of course for the get-together hosted by Echigoya. It was an event with a high probability of success to begin with, but now that Tanaka had quelled the incident this time, it increased his expectations even higher.
Tanaka was convinced that he could be the star of the get-together.
On the way to the castle, he left behind a wise remark of, ‘This has turned into a get-together for the sake of unification, or in short, a mixer’.
