Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 31 Part 2.

Tanaka proceeded to lead Suke-san and Kaku-san onward in a good mood, but then he suddenly sensed an attack crashing down on them from the sky.
「! Emergency Evasion!」
Team Tanaka jumped back to evade the attack. A moment later, a huge blade of light descended and sliced open the spot the three had stood just a moment ago. A huge scar was left on the ground in its wake.
「… What was that? What the hell is—」
Tanaka was stunned by the suddenness of the event, and couldn’t help but look up into the sky to look for the source of the attack. At that moment, tremors ran through Tanaka’s whole body.
「Those indecent breasts! The woman from that time!」
That was right, it was the winged beautiful woman he encountered the other day. No matter how he looked at it, she was the chief offender who had ruined his kyakya ufufu event. As far as Tanaka was concerned, it was at that moment that his lack of relation with women began to escalate. It was simply that much of an impactful incident which forced him to think as such. Of course, it was nothing but unjustified resentment.
「Fu, Fuooooo!」
Tanaka let out a cry of his soul. Was it due to anger? Or was it due to sadness? No, it might have been a cry of joy all along as the moment of vengeance had finally come. Anyway, Tanaka was in a state overcome with excitement….
Rip – along with the echo of such a merciless sound, Tanaka’s cloak was torn apart. By Airflow magic…Tanaka, who still faithfully blew his cloak aflutter with magic even in such a situation, his talent was definitely nothing to scoff at, but perhaps due to excitement, he ripped his own cloak apart by mistake. Tanaka’s excitement took a nosedive at once. He gazed at the fragments of his cloak on the ground with sorrowful eyes. Tanaka’s body trembled as anger began to bubble up inside.
「Again, that woman… Unforgivable… I definitely won’t forgive her!」
His anger rose to the peak. Tanaka swiftly took out a spare cloak and switched into it. A man who paid full attention to how cool he was at all times. That was Tanaka.
Once he was done with his preparation, Tanaka turned toward Suke-san and Kaku-san with a crisp look on his face.
「I’m going to head up there for a bit. So I’ll be leaving this place to you.」
Even as he said that with a crisp expression, his nose was flaring. He was truly an easy to read man. And then, without waiting for their response, Tanaka literally flew away.
「Wait! … Ah, he’s gone and done it now. But still, that guy. He seems to be pretty serious about it.」
「He’s up against the person who killed your former master, after all-degozaru.」
Suke-san and Kaku-san gazed up at angel Caramel who was floating in the distant sky.
「His power is one thing, but that lance is without a doubt bad news. I can sense a pretty dangerous power dwelling in it….」
The lance imbued with the power of God that easily destroyed the core of a superior spirit, his former master. Kaku-san could sense an eerie presence out of it.
「But well, I’m sure that Tanaka will do something about it.」
「That’s true-degozaru. We should just do as instructed and take care of this place-degozaru.」
Suke-san took out his scythe and readied himself towards the fortress. On the other side, giant-type monsters were emerging one after another out of the fortress. They were gradually swarming towards the two.
「Now then, I’m going to focus as a support, so I’ll leave the rest to you.」
With that said, Kaku-san reverted to his spirit form and settled on Suke-san’s head. At the same time, he invoked support magic and tremendously enhanced Suke-san’s battle power.
「Well then, I hereby charge into battle!」
Suke turned into a black gale as he charged toward the crowd of giants. Laser-like magic was shot to their surroundings by Kaku-san on top of Suke-san’s head. On the ground, the ruthless trampling down was about to begin. And then–
◇ ◇ ◇
Shortly after angel Caramel shot a probing attack, Tanaka soared and confronted her in the sky.
「Levitation, eh? Quite crafty.」
Muttered angel Caramel as she stared at Tanaka, who was floating against the gravity in the sky. It was one of the live-support type magic, Levitation. Originally, it was a magic that allowed one to make things afloat. It was one of the trump cards Tanaka had obtained in his recent training. Of course, his original intention was to utilize it in his escape. However, right now he was so overcome with libido. Thus he was intending to use all of the available cards in his hand to take her down.
「Kukuku, it’s been a hundred years. The moment I make you mine, I’ll dress you in more proper clothes and teach you what Eros is all about. And about the existence of power that could set one’s heart aflutter at the fleeting sight of it!」
「O foolish one who dares to defy the Lord! I shall annihilate you right here, right now.」
The two sides’ strongest warriors were now about to clash, even as their words failed to reach each other.
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 35                                 Experience: 2145/3500           Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 5.2e13/5.2e13            Magical energy: 8.1e13/8.1e13
Strength: 5.2e12                     Dexterity: 5.5e12                    Agility: 6.0e12
Intelligence: 7.8e12                 Spirit: 8.1e12
Skills: Sword (3.11) Magic (3.71) Believed One (8.83) Dragon Slayer (7.56) Spirit Master (3.02) Chanting Omission (1.60) Multiple Chanting (1.55)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak II
Money: 4522,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 28                                 Experience: 728/2800             Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 390.00/390.00            Magical energy: 710.00/710.00
Strength: 212.00                     Dexterity: 210.00                    Agility: 293.00
Intelligence: 332.00                 Spirit: 339.00
Skills: Lance (2.88) Magic (3.53) Dragon Slayer (7.03) Believed One (5.92)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 32768.00/32768.00    Magical energy: 32768.00/32768.00
Skills: Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.03) Apostle (3.02) Believed One (5.23)
