Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 50 Part 2.

None of the kingdom soldiers could even perceive Yashichi’s movement. This was the crystallization of efforts that turned Yashichi into the strongest hero. Even after being summoned to another world, Yashichi’d never neglected his study in the ancient martial arts that he was originally fond of. Yashichi’s movements were accelerated by his unique footwork. His abnormal movement confused anyone who saw it thus dulled their reaction. When such movement of his was combined with hero power, it stepped onto a domain of movement beyond the understanding of the kingdom soldiers.
「 Wha, what in the world is going on? 」
「 As expected of big bro! He’s so cool. 」
Similarly unable to perceive Yashichi’s movement, Toby couldn’t hide his astonishment. On the other hand, Tanaka was elated seeing that the situation seemed to be turning for the better.
The kingdom soldiers were unwilling to let such the two alone. While Yashichi was sending the kingdom soldiers flying, a part of the kingdom soldiers were closing in on the two of them.
「 Hii! 」
「 Use this! 」
Tanaka swiftly took out his favorite ordinary sword from the item box before turning and throwing it at Toby. As the soldiers were moving to encircle them, the ordinary sword leisurely stuck into the ground in front of Toby
「 The evil dragon that once rewrote the order of the world into chaos in a single night at the age of gods – Orenide. This is one of the thirteen cursed swords born from the fangs of the dragon, the cursed sword of despair – Scream Vaster. If you want to survive, take up the sword. If you earnestly wish for it, the sword will surely respond to you. –It’s all up to you. 」
Handing over an ordinary sword, and yet such a speech. – All could be said was as expected of Tanaka. However, the thrown, handed over ordinary sword was radiating an overwhelming presence that barred everyone from laughing at Tanaka’s delusion. It was radiating an obscene amount of magical energy to the point it seemed as though visible, and overwhelmed anyone who saw it. A picked up ordinary sword that had been habitually wielded by Tanaka for a long time. As a result of receiving (enhanced by) Tanaka’s so-called excess of magical energy over and over again, this sword had already turned into an unworldly existence of this world. A true cursed sword that surpassed even the divine armaments.
「 The cursed sword of Despair – Scream Vaster…. 」
Toby unconsciously picked up the sword. In that moment, he felt an incredible amount of power gushing forth from within him.
「 This feeling is…. 」
It was just like the mysterious feeling he felt when he first met Tanaka. The fear that had consumed him until just moments ago was instantly blown away as if it was nothing but an illusion.
Seeing Toby’s figure that could be said to be defenseless, the surrounding kingdom soldiers took the opportunity and jumped at him. However, for Toby, whose perception had stepped onto a completely different level, such an act couldn’t amount to a surprise attack at all.
「 Uoooo!! 」
The cursed sword mowed down to the side. Combined with Toby’s awakened power, it brought forth a tremendous shock wave. The rushing in soldiers were unable to even get close to Toby before being blown away.
「 I can do it! With this power, even I can do it too! 」
Toby danced ferociously amidst the swarming soldiers. The kingdom soldiers were blown away with each flash of sword he unleashed. However, the kingdom soldiers didn’t falter. They continued to swarm at him, leveraging their overwhelming numbers.
「 I can’t lose! I can’t afford to let everything end here! 」
Blowing away the kingdom soldiers with each attack for countless times, a blank space was created around Toby. As if awaiting for that exact moment, a concentrated fire of attack magic was surging toward his direction. Flames, ice, rocks, and
kamaitachi
were flying toward Toby from all directions.
「 Whoa! 」
Exposed to so many attacks at once, Toby saw no way out. Along with the sound of explosions, the burst of attack magic covered the entire area with dust.
The magic squads who had unleashed the concentrated fire of attack magic from the rear line seemed to be convinced of victory. However, that conviction of theirs was shattered by a peculiar phenomenon that appeared out of the dust.
Toby reappeared. However, that wasn’t the cause. The dust, which had yet to completely clear up, revealed the existence of a spherical something around him. It was an invisible defense wall created from high-speedily rotating air.
「 You let your guard down, Toby! Don’t forget to always watch the situation around you! That’s a cardinal rule when fighting against numerous opponents! 」
Support from Tanaka. For Tanaka who could dominate the air with live-support magic, this act might have been nothing more than a trick. However, for the kingdom soldier who had to face it, it was nothing but a threat. In particular, for the magic squad who unleashed the attack magic, that unknown magic was nothing but a nightmare. Such soldiers overheard Yashichi’s soliloquy.
「 It seems that there would be no problem with leaving Toby in the hands of Echigoya. But still, that’s also a high-order magic, huh… as expected of him. 」
「 Wha! 」
The magic squad was flustered at Yashichi who before they knew it had moved next to them. However, they swiftly lost their consciousness before they could even collect it.
「 Nevertheless, the current Toby doesn’t seem ready to face the magic squad yet. So I guess I’ll deal with them myself now. 」
Soon after saying that, Yashichi rushed and took down the magic squad one after another in an instant. Giving them no chance to resist in the slightest, his figure as he annihilated his opponents was truly the embodiment of the fastest and strongest hero ever.
「 Damn you…, hero Yashichi. What the hell are you doing! What kind of kingdom soldiers you are to falter against measly two enemies?! 」
General Red rebuked the kingdom Army. Before they knew it, their attention was concentrated on Yashichi and Toby, who were playing a lion’s share of the action. Tanaka’s wisdom was truly one to be feared. While Yashichi and Toby were endeavoring on the battlefield, he endeavored to keep the safest spot safe while striking a cool pose. Moreover, an overwhelming little man presence was overflowing from him. Utilizing the synergetic effect brought forth by the two, he’d evolved into stealth Tanaka.
This was the manifestation of his firm determination. For Tanaka, who had played a role in the fierce battle against warden Muchisuki, this battle was already someone else’s business. Not forgetting the determination he swore at the beginning, he spared no effort in his endeavor of keeping himself away from the battle.
That was right, Tanaka was by no means a coward. There was definitely no way he was running away for his own safety. All there was to it was his firm will to never bend his belief. Truly a man of words and deeds. ‘A man ought to have a backbone,’ anyone who saw his current figure would surely think that he was the embodiment of such an ideal. This was the man named Tanaka.
Thanks to no small part of such a Tanaka-san’s endeavor, the victor became clear. Currently there were only a few people who remained standing.
「 I’ve dealt with most of the magic squad. After reducing their number to this extent, they won’t be able to stop up anymore. I suppose it’s about time to get away from this place. 」
「 I’ve been waiting for this! 」
「 Yes! 」
