Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 7 part 2.

Murmuring as such, he then struck a cool pose (self-alleged), and began to concentrate.
「Ignition!」
Thus, he decided to first verify his ignition magic. Then, a flame as big as a flamethrower erupted from his fingertip. It seemed to possess tremendous power as suspicious rumbling sounds echoed out of it. The energy of the highly condensed flame sparkled in azure light, it looked like a giant sword. From time to time, plasma-looking suspicious something jumped about around it.
「… Yup, perfect. … This should be at an acceptable level.」
Tanaka decided to overlook the minute details. He immediately ceased the magic, and began to focus again for his next magic.
「Water!」
A body of water about one meter in diameter appeared in front of him. Tanaka hurriedly took a bucket out of the item box and raised it up in front of him. He bent at the right angle at the waist, and stretched his arms out to the fullest, the sight of his posture was truly comical. However, no one was there to witness it, and even if someone did happen to see it, Tanaka wasn’t one to care about it. Such was the man named Tanaka.
The body of water that had appeared was immediately affected by gravity and fell to the ground with a splash.
「I’ve more or less managed to… Obtain water. Alright, no problem here either….」
Due to its falling force, the water spilled out quite a bit, but there was still enough water contained in the bucket. He also decided to overlook the fact that his shoes and trousers were drenched wet.
「Alright, with this my training is now complete. I say it’s complete so it’s! I’m going home!!」
He had managed to push himself in his training thus far as he was powered by his chuunibyou, but in the end he was still someone who used to be a modern person who grew up in a lukewarm environment. The backslashes of staying in the mountain ranges alone for one whole month, doing the same thing over and over again as though he had gone crazy, were definitely showing their ugly sides. Magic might be an uncharted territory to him, but he was still bound to get tired of it after doing the same thing over and over again for a long time. He yearned for both a company and a proper bed. And he also yearned for delicious meals.
In short, right now Tanaka was close to his limits in a lot of ways. That was why he confirmed aloud. He had to convince himself and announced the conclusion of his training.
「That’s right. The final commemoration. I guess let’s end it with a bang and use magic normally for once.」
He struck a cool pose again, and readied himself to cast his magic.
「O all-destroying blue flames sealed in me. Follow my guidance, manifest and pierce the heavens! Ignition!」
Arranging such an unnecessary incantation, he chanted the spell. Of course, those personally arranged inantations provided no effect whatsoever. However, reality was transient. For the first time in a while, azure light that pierced through the heavens was unleashed from his fingertip. However, the size of the light was several times larger than its previous counterparts…. The powerful energy emitted by the pillar of light had even extinguished the clouds that were looming over the sky. As though in a ripple effect, the cloudy sky turned into a bright blue one.
「…..」
He had better magic control and was now capable of using magic while suppressing their mighty power, for sure, yes. However, at the same time, he had also obtained an increase in his magic firepower and was now capable of wielding much more powerful magic.
「Ahem! Looks like I’ve secluded myself a little too long here, huh. Well, it’s great to know that my body seems to be in great shape today as well… Well then, let’s go home!」
Tanaka decided to pretend that nothing had ever happened. He quickly finished his preparation and dashed down the mountain ranges. A warm meal and a soft bed he had dreamed of were just around the corner. Feeling excitement welling up, he let out a shout in a good mood.
「Hyahha! O followers of mine! You better follow my path with everything you’ve got! Should you do so, the future of the black horned rabbits shall surely be a bright one! Well then, we ought to part ways for a while. Farewell, black horned rabbits, HAHAHAHAHA.」
Raising such a laugh, Tanaka disappeared into the forest. The monsters could only stare at him with frightened eyes. They had no choice but to see off the departure of this mysterious creature.
◇ ◇ ◇
The mountain ranges that ran north to south between Haru Empire and Purin Kingdom. At the foot of the southern part of it was the largest city in this area – Morimori city.
This Morimori city was located farther southwest from Hazama town. It was originally just another ordinary town that was built inside the large forest.
However, due to the war between Haru Empire and Purin Kingdom about 20 years ago, the situation of the town had changed dramatically.
The mountain ranges to the west of the town had a particularly rugged terrain, so there was no danger of an attack from the Purin Kingdom headed there. Therefore, refugees from the surrounding towns flocked to the town, and the population grew rapidly.
By excavating the forest, they expanded both the town and the farmlands. Before they knew it, it had turned into the most prosperous city in the area. With its safe and prosperous environment, it continued to expand.
However, their long and peaceful days were interrupted by an unusual phenomenon.
It happened in the summer of year 5963 of the creation calendar. On that day, a blue pillar of light suddenly appeared in the distant mountain ranges. The light disappeared immediately, but then another strange phenomenon followed right after, earth shook and the water level of the nearby rivers began to rise. Although no casualties occurred, the citizens were terrified by the phenomenons that were beyond human understanding.
In the end, those bizarre phenomenons continued to occur intermittently afterwards. Before anyone noticed it, rumors began to circulate that ‘There was a God residing in the mountain, he was angry with the people, who forgot their gratitude to the mountain which had provided them with its blessings’.
From then on, they began to visit the mountain to offer up a prayer. Perhaps it was about half a month later, the phenomenon began to subside and the citizens could finally let out a sigh of relief.
And then, around a month or so after the unusual phenomenons began to occur. The people of the city witnessed a miracle. Unlike its earlier counterparts, a huge pillar of light suddenly appeared in the mountain ranges, turning the cloudy sky into a blue one in the blink of an eye.
That year, the damage caused by monsters, which had been plaguing the city in recent years, decreased dramatically. The people of the Morimori city thanked the unnamed mountain god and continued to worship him thereafter.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 12             Experience: 532/1200     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 2.3e13/2.3e13     Magical energy: 3.2e13/3.2e13
Strength: 2.3e12         Dexterity: 2.2e12         Agility: 2.2e12
Intelligence: 3.2e12         Spirit: 3.2e12
Skills: Sword (2.00) Magic (1.03) Believed One (1.01)
Equipment: Short sword, Cloth clothing
Money: 1522,000G
