Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 72 part 2.

In the end, not knowing was in the best interest for him. All Tanaka-san could do was secretly complain about the unknown powerful beings in the shadows–. Truly an ideal little man.
Nevertheless, just who in the world were these certain Curryman folks who had dared to obstruct our protagonist’s, Tanaka-san, ambition? Even if Tanaka-san’s mental health had prevented the truth from being unveiled, what a truly unsatisfying ending it was. Thus, the ‘Tanaka-san Harem Protagonist Project Cancellation Case’ was buried in the dark with the culprits remaining unknown.
This matter might have nothing to do with it, but at the same time as when Tanaka-san was cursing the unknown powerful beings–. The fact that chills ran down the spines of Curryman, the three Black Demon brothers, and the Great Sage Merlin was perhaps the greatest mystery of this work.
「Well, whatever. Let’s just forget about such annoying stuff. The course correction is perfect, after all. I’m sure that by playing this strongest card, I’ll be able to at least make sure to join the ranks of the ‘I’m TUEEE’ protagonists.」
Tanaka heaved out a sigh while shaking his head.
「With this the voices of envy won’t stop for a while, huh…. Good grief.」
In contrast to his words, joy couldn’t be concealed from the expression on his face. Such an act was so obvious, Tanaka. That level of act was the height of folly that would invite criticism from the unrewarded men who had been following up until now.
However, it wasn’t like you couldn’t keenly sense his seriousness from his rotten eyes that were glowing more than ever. Did that mean you were serious this time, Tanaka? Did that mean you were seriously intending to steal a march by yourself and have a good experience just like that, Tanaka?
「Now then, let’s transform into a popular protagonist at once.」
With light and spirited steps, Tanaka disappeared into the guild.
◇ ◇ ◇
And then, half an hour passed. Tanaka emerged from the guild. The guild, which should have been buzzing with uproar over Tanaka’s sudden rise to fame, remained quiet.
Compared to when he was heading into the guild previously, the vigor radiated from his footsteps was nowhere as strong. And his body continued to tremble ever so slightly.
「Why…, why can’t my level be measured?!!!!!」
Tanaka screamed, forgetting that he was on a street with people coming and going. It was an action that was so unlike the calm and cool protagonist Tanaka-san was. That ought to mean that it was such a shocking incident.
Just what in the world happened in the guild?
As usual, Tanaka headed to the reception desk to update his guild card. However, for some reason, the result was no reaction. He tried over and over again, but the magic tool that acted as the measuring device showed no reaction at all. As a test, as he let others to measure themselves with it, it worked just fine. No matter how many times he tried, Tanaka was the only one who couldn’t be measured.
Tanaka persistently refused to back down, but the situation didn’t get any better, and in the end, his guild card stayed at level 24, the same as when he updated it before the accident where he was transported to the west. At any rate, he could now take the promotion test to rank D, but that didn’t prove as consolation whatsoever. With such a level, challenging C rank or higher would be impossible, after all….
How could this have happened? Even as he fell into shock, Tanaka pondered about it. Was it because he had leveled up too much? Could it be because he had exceeded the measurement limit of the magic tool that he had fallen into this situation?
Would Suke-san also be stuck at D rank, and the dream of Team Tanaka’s strongest legend vanished into the dust just like that?
No–. That wasn’t the case at all. Tanaka could sense it with the intuition that he had cultivated in the carefree and wilderness-free modern society. That there was no way the trap laid down by the world for him to end with only that much.
「Most likely Suke-san will be able to update his guild card…. And then he will spread his wings to rise to fame and become a star in the showbiz at once. Over my dead body….」
How could Tanaka-san, an emperor of children who boasted positive thinking that made him never doubt his harem, be so pessimistic?
It was none other than because he had begun to vaguely realize the cause which led him to fall into such a predicament. Ironically enough, the answer lay in the event that occurred at the same time as he had achieved the dramatic level up. It was because he thought that the cause was in the series of events that had led him to obtaining that power of God.
An indispensable weapon to fight against the gods of the otherworld. The power that transcended the principle of the world, Creation and Destruction Boundary. There should be no problem with this power, which could be said to be the higher-lever version of Grand Magic.
The problem was the other one. The power to protect those who inherited the power of God, Deceiver of the Abyss. A divine law that rejected those who tried to touch the secret of the power of God.
Even if an incredibly handsome man had tried to rob his abilities, or even if a rich man with an extravagant harem had tried to copy his abilities, it would have surely protected the frail and innocent Tanaka-san. However, this power. Did it have the kindness to flexibly interact with the guild’s magic tool that meant no harm? The answer should be clear based on the case this time.
Tanaka’s dream, was falling apart here–.
「Granny…, how could you do it to me? Goddamnit!!」
A sorrowful cry echoed throughout the sky. He was a man whose art of sacrificing himself was truly picturesque.
The sky seen by Tanaka, who had surrendered himself to emotion, in contrast to his heart was beautiful, on top of that, he even saw the illusion of the Witch of Abyss Beatrice playfully winking at him.
「I don’t need a cute gesture from you, Granny! There’s no way there’s a demand for that!」
Tanaka let out a retort toward the world at once. The sorrow of the man turned into a howl that echoed through the area. Eventually, that voice was swallowed up by the bustle of Nanashi town that was becoming lively at the arrival of a new era.
