Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 16 part 1.

The Strongest Team
「Come to think of it, I haven’t introduced myself yet, have I? My name is Tanaka. I’m living off of doing jobs at a place called the guild in the town. Well, all I do is mostly monsters hunting, though.」
Tanaka and Suke-san were headed to Nanashi town. In the meantime, he was bored, so Tanaka decided to chat with Suke-san to kill time.
「Monster hunting-degozaru? No wonder you’re so strong-degozaru.」
Recalling the battle between the winged beauty and Tanaka from earlier, Suke-san was convinced. However, Tanaka didn’t show a good reaction to Suke-san’s compliments.
「No, you may not know it, but I’ve been in desperate straits numerous times, you know? Really, I’ve faced so many dangerous situations up until now.」
Tanaka replied, looking far into the distance with hollow eyes. The hardships he had faced ever since coming to this world began to resurface in his mind like a revolving lantern. He managed to somehow hold himself back from falling into the dark side, and tried to change the subject.
「By the way, Suke-san, what are you going to do after you get into the town?」
In the end, he decided to inquire Suke-san about his future plans. Suke-san put a hand to his chin and pondered.
「Let’s see-degozaru. I don’t think I have anything planned in particular-degozaru…. come to think of it, I was just born, so I have nothing on me-degozaru.」
Hearing Suke-san’s answer, a certain idea flashed in Tanaka’s mind. It was the conclusion he arrived at previously as he was drinking milk from morning till night in the tavern to have a stomach ache the next day. Tanaka decided to begin to put his grand plan into action.
「Want me to take care of it for you? In return, I want you to become my comrade, Suke-san.」
Tanaka invited Suke-san to form a group with him. The first impression was crucial, so he plastered a serious expression on his face.
「Your comrade-degozaru?」
Suke-san was surprised by Tanaka’s unexpected proposal.
「That’s right. As I previously said, I can already feel the limits of my own power. That’s why, instead of getting myself any stronger, I’m thinking about recruiting the strongest comrades. That’s why, what do you say? Will you become my comrade? I already have magic books on me, and I can also arrange your equipment for you. It may be not much, but I’ll even give you some pocket money.」
Tanaka thought that right now was the crucial moment, so he continued to offer generous proposals one after another. He seemed to get a little too excited, as he gradually began to press Suke-san harder.  In contrast to Tanaka, though, Suke-san replied in a calm manner.
「The strongest comrades, huh-degozaru…. I was just born, so I’m very weak, though-degozaru.」
Suke-san answered that it might be impossible for him, considering his current power. However, like a falcon after its prey, Tanaka reacted immediately, as though he had long expected such an answer.
「You’ll just need to get stronger from now on! My level is already over twenty, but I’m still only barely above the limit of a baby, you know? Potential-wise, you’re way better than me, Suke-san!」
Tanaka desperately appealed to Suke-san of his own potential. Suke-san thought about it more, and continued with asking another question.
「Where will your goals be by recruiting the strongest comrades-degozaru?」
Suke-san inquired the biggest question of all. As far as Suke-san was concerned, this was the most important point. Depending on the answer, it wasn’t impossible for him to refuse this proposal right away. However, without even relating to Suke-san’s thought in the slightest, Tanaka answered confidently.
「Fufufu, the sole and most supreme purpose of this strongest team is… For my own self-protection.」
Suke-san was dumbfounded by such an overly unexpected answer. He managed to somehow squeeze out a response to Tanaka’s declaration.
「Self-protection-degozaru? … For that purpose, is it even necessary for you to create this strongest team-degozaru?」
As Tnaka’s reason was too out of the box, Suke-san couldn’t help but let out another question. Tanaka, as though his switch had been flipped on, replied in high spirits.
「Of course! For my own safety, the power and resolve to turn the world itself into an enemy are necessary. For God to stand in our path, we shall slay God, for Devil to stand in our path, we shall slay Devil! That’s my strongest team!」
Suke-san fell into thoughts. He wondered whether Tanaka was really such a weak person who needed protection. Since Tanaka himself seemed to think that that was the case, however, Suke-san decided to put the matter aside for the time being.
From Suke-san’s point of view, Tanaka was quite an oddball. However, he didn’t seem to be a bad person. As far as Suke-san was concerned, he wouldn’t hesitate to offer her help should Tanaka ever need it. However, could he even be of help to Tanaka? At the very least, Suke-san thought that was very unlikely. However, Tanaka himself seemed to believe that he could. In that case, he’d first fulfill his benefactor’s wish for him to become his comrade, the rest was he’d just need to put his all to aim to become the strongest, so Suke-san concluded.
「Very well-degozaru. This life was originally preserved thanks to you-degozaru, Tanaka-dono. Then, I shall offer this life of mine to become your shield and spear-degozaru, Tanaka-dono.」
Suke-san responded, playing along with Tanaka’s chuunibyou excitement. Delighted by his response, Tanaka’s excitement rose even higher.
「Oh, so you’re willing to become my comrade?! At long last… my thousand-year wish, the path toward the strongest team, that would eventually seize the heavens, has finally opened! Fuhahaha!」
The sound of Tanaka’s laughter echoed around the area. This was the birth of the strongest team, which now consisted of only two members.
◇ ◇ ◇
A few days later, Tanaka and Suke-san arrived in Nanashi town. Echigoya town was considerably small as it was still under development, but this town was also in no much different state. However, the demon people in the town were overflowing with liveliness, so it might be only a matter of time before it turned into a magnificent town.
In order to arrange Suke-san’s equipment, he and Tanaka headed to the equipment shop first.
「The first thing we have to do is to get you to look the part. As expected, a scythe and a jet black robe would suit you best, Suke-san.」
Tanaka showed off his chuunibyou sense, as he advised on Suke-san’s style.
「Is that so-degozaru? Well, I possess no skill, so I don’t particularly mind what kind of weapon I get to use-degozaru.」
Suke-san didn’t seem to be particularly particular about it. He obediently accepted Tanaka’s suggestion. He then proceeded to purchase the scythe and robe as suggested, and equipped them. His appearance turned just like that of a Grim Reaper. The moment Tanaka saw Suke-san’s new appearance, he was slightly scared by her Grim Reaper-like appearance, but he quickly discarded the thought.
「I guess I’ll also have some transformation for myself… Hmm, I’d like a cool wand or something.」
In the end, Tanaka purchased himself some new clothes and a cloak. That day, he decided to directly head to the inn, and took some good rest.
The next day, after confirming the request in the guild, the two wandered into the wastelands around the town to hunt monsters. For the time being, their targets were the earth lizards that were often found in the vicinity. The two found an earth lizard before long, and began to fight it.
「… I used the back of my sword-degozaru.」
Suke-san’s scythe attack landed safely on the earth lizard. However, the earth lizard was still alive and well. Tanaka smacked Suke-san on the head as he retorted.
