Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 55 Part 2.

Contrary to Tanaka’s expectations, the wish was too trivial, but for Black Mikeneko, it was very important.
「 Ha, hahaha… That’s it…? That’s so easy! I’ll even throw in a service so that none will disturb your peaceful sleep! 」
In his fading consciousness, Black Mikeneko thought. The human, who had been spouting bravado for a while now, in front of him. He wondered what he could leave behind in exchange for the man’s clumsy kindness.
And then, the last thing he held in his hand. The only thing he, who had lost everything, could leave behind–.
「 Thank you. My human friend. 」
The last survivor of the White Wolf tribe finally fell asleep. He was a man who had been tossed about by human’s greed, and burned himself to take revenge on humans. The last thing he held in his hand was a human friend. And the only thing he could leave behind was a word of gratitude to the human. Was it really a satisfying ending for him? We could no longer get an answer to that question.
What was certain was that the sorrowful life of the proud white wolf tribe warrior was not in vain. Because the light of his fading life had succeeded in lighting a hot flame in the hearts of the men there.
「 … Guys, I’m leaving the rest to you. 」
Leaving these words behind, Tanaka departed the place while holding his friend. It was in order to fulfill the promise that could never be broken.
「 Kaku-dono, please dispel the magic. 」
「 Alright, should I give you a cover? 」
As though being frozen with magic, the kingdom soldiers had been unable to move up to this point. They could finally feel the sensation of their body being unfrozen.
「 No need-degozaru. 」
Swinging the scythe he had just taken out once, Suke-san closed their distance in an instant. For the kingdom soldiers who witnessed it, it must have looked like an instantaneous movement. But there was little wonder to it, as Suke-san had also stepped on a height where he could contend against supernatural beings.
「 Heee! Protect me! Get rid of that monster! 」
The cry of the Purinism Priest echoed through the air. That cry dragged the dumbfounded kingdom soldiers back to reality. They braced themselves in a reaction that could be called miraculous. However, the opponent was simply too much for them. In the next moment, darkness rushed through them as though their stance held no meaning at all. The freed twenty or so kingdom soldiers crumbled down in a heap. The only one left was the Purinism Priest who was adorned with luxurious ornaments. In front of Suke-san, who stood like a god of death, he was dismayed, unable to even invoke his magic.
「 I, I’m a priest of Purinism, you know?! Are you sure you want to make a move on me? It’s no different of an action than disparaging the god! That— 」
His words couldn’t continue any further than that. Suke-san, who had already moved behind him, replied.
「 You can never stop me with those kinds of words alone-degozaru. I made a vow the day I decided to walk alongside Tanaka-dono-degozaru. That I would slay down anything that stood in our way, even if it were a god–. 」
He took another swing with his scythe before then putting it away. And then, the two of them departed this place. In order to see off the proud warrior.
◇ ◇ ◇
The resting ground of the White Wolf Tribe — a newly built stone next to the stone where Black Mikeneko had previously offered the Popotan flower. Team Tanaka was in front of it.
「 To think you’d make me, who detests working for free with a normie, do this much. Geez, what a great friend you are. 」
He crouched down in front of the stone and clasped his hands together. He prayed for his friend to be able to reunite with those dearest to him. And for his peaceful sleep–. This pure feeling brought forth a miracle. A dazzling light radiated from Tanaka. The powerful yet gentle light spread rapidly and covered the sacred mountain of Chocoboro. Suke-san splendidly brushed it off as one of Tanaka’s usual lack of common sense antics. On the other hand, Kaku-san gasped at the phenomenon that he was well acquainted with.
「 Alright! Well then, let’s get going! Huh, what’s the matter? 」
「 It’s nothing-degozaru. 」
「 …. 」
Even if the existence of the white wolf tribe was insignificant in the face of the great will of the world. Even if it was their fate to disappear without leaving anything noteworthy. These men would surely never forget. Because the existence of the White Wolf Tribe was certainly engraved in their hearts.
Team Tanaka began to descend the sacred mountain in order to resume their journey.
「 Hmm? Where are you going? East is this way, right? 」
Kaku-san pointed out that he was heading in the wrong direction. Stopping for a moment in silence, Tanaka said.
「 It’s fine! I’m just somehow in the mood to go this way! 」
Tanaka started walking again while leaving behind thumping sounds. Seeing his disappearing figure, Suke-san and Kaku-san turned toward each other.
「 Geez, what a handful guy he is. 」
「 Now, now, isn’t it fine-degozaru? The path Tanaka-dono takes is the path we ought to take-degozaru. 」
Thus, the two followed Tanaka down the mountain. Walking through the tranquil yet somewhat lonely forest, they departed the sacred mountain of Chocoboro.
Kaku-san looked back for the last time. There, he could see the same towering sacred mountain. However, this land had definitely changed. Tanaka’s feeling for his friend might have manifested the true power of Grand Magic for the first time.
Alteration of the world – a means enforced by beings called gods and spirits to maintain the equilibrium of the world. This land had already consisted of new laws of the world. Those with the will to oppress others were not allowed to enter, even if they were gods. The laws dominating this land were simply that powerful.
「 Really, what an outrageous guy he is. 」
That was something that none of the spirits Kaku-san knew of could ever accomplish. It was such a powerful alteration of the world.
Kaku-san started walking again. There was not a trace of hesitation on his face. The path he was heading for. He believed that it was the right one and moved forward.
◇ ◇ ◇
