Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 68 part 1.

Now Then, Entertain Me With Everything You’ve Got
「What the hell is wrong with you? Meddling in everything I do.」
A powerful slash was sent toward Mikoto. A violent barrage of attacks that seemed as though representing Kamui’s irritation. Mikoto calmly saw through the trajectory of the attack, at times she dodged it, at times she skillfully received it with her thin sword or small shield.
「Even though you have been inviting me to become your comrade, why are you opposing me now?」
And then he unleashed another slash with all his might. Mikoto barely dodged that sword. Unable to kill his momentum, Kamui got his stance crumbled and stood defenselessly in front of Mikoto. Not overlooking that opening, Mikoto unleashed a sharp thrust. Kamui, leveraging his outstanding physical ability, forcefully jumped backward.
「Guh!」
Perhaps it was strenuous even for the body of a hero, who boasted sturdy flesh, a bitter-sounding voice leaked out of Kamui’s mouth.
「You’re merely intoxicated by the overwhelming power of a hero. Nothing more than a fool who is being taken advantage of and used for good.」
「I’m not intoxicated! As a hero, for the sake of the people! I’m fighting to bring peace to the world!」
Displaying leaping force that shrank the created distance in an instant, Kamui flashed his sword horizontally. The shockwave created by the sharp attack gouged the ground out.
「This world isn’t that simple! Stop blindly listening to the words said by those around you, and look at the reality yourself, Kamui!」
Taking a step back to evade the attack, Mikoto coldly said as such.
「Just look at the people you’re baring your sword at! Can’t you see their figure powerlessly huddling together and trembling?!」
「Yes, I can see it! I can clearly see the figure of non-humans! There are too many things mixed up in this world! And that won’t put the spark of fear out of people’s hearts for years to come! That’s why we will create a new order under humans! We’re going to thoroughly control all outsiders, and if there’s any danger, we’re going to exterminate them! What’s wrong with that?!」
「You’re being too forceful! They’re trying to leave the human world. Why don’t you just let them go?」
「Once they gather and grow in numbers, they will surely bare their fangs on humans one day!」
The slashes that contained the thoughts of the two of them collided with each other.
「That’s where we have to take our time to bridge the rift between us to prevent that from happening!」
「What if another war happened?! Humans might lose next time, you know?!」
「Without making any effort to prevent that from happening, you focus solely on trying to create a world that’s convenient only for humans, that’s nothing but arrogance!」
Facing Kamui, who was above her in both strength and speed, Mikoto was able to fight back more than evenly. That was probably the proof of her potential being extracted during her training with the hypothesis of facing a powerful being.
「There’s no guarantee that hard work will always pay off, isn’t it?!」
「Even the new order you’re talking about isn’t guaranteed to succeed, is it? In fact, it will surely create even more rift with those who are being controlled. Once it swelled up beyond your control, what kind of consequence would be brought forth due to the created hatred. I don’t even want to imagine such a future.」
「There is a God in this world. There is no way it can’t be controlled!」
「So you’re going to leave everything to God when trouble arises? That’s just too irresponsible! Besides, I can’t really bring myself to believe in the God of this world that much.」
With their attacking hands completely stopped, the two heroes were clashing their emotions at each other. There, Kaltovich jumped in.
「How foolish of you to doubt God! You are not qualified to be a hero! As expected, the true hero is Kamui-sama alone!」
Simultaneously as she said that, she sent a huge flame toward Mikoto. That was fifth-order magic, Hellfire. The magic attack that was invoked chantlessly by Kaltovich loomed at Mikoto. This surprise attack that caught Mikoto off guard was then offset by a huge claw of rock that appeared almost just as abruptly.
「You’re getting too excited. You have to pay more attention to your surroundings on the battlefield.」
The Great Sage Merlin expressed his warning, while healing the injured demons. What saved Mikoto just now was ‘Rock Dragon Zukuro’ magic attack that was unleashed chantlessly by Merlin. Even now, during his spare time in healing, he was taking down the approaching Kingdom soldiers by unleashed magic attacks. That figure of him could only be described as dependable.
「I’m sorry for making you do so many things, Magician-dono.」
「Now that those who have slipped through have more or less been taken care of, I’ll do something about the rest. So feel free to go wild to your heart content.」
Just as Merlin responded as such to Kugel, he invoked healing magic as well as support magic. Kugel was astonished at the power that was surging more than ever within him.
「My gratitude!」
Charging into the crowd of Kingdom soldiers, along with a spirited yell, Kugel blew them off one after another.
「Madpie! Orangetto! There’s no need to hurry. Just be sure to immobilize all your opponents.」
「「Ou!」」
While taking down the Kingdom soldier in front of him, Kugel gave instruction to his little brothers.
To eliminate the Kingdom soldiers, who had overflowed to the high ground where the demons were holed themselves in, the three siblings continued to fight hard.
「They sure are going wild over there. How about we make it as wild as well, Lil girl?」
Curryman said to his opponent while checking Kugel’s fighting style with a sidelong glance. In front of Curryman, Tetsujin, who had faced Kugel until just a moment ago, was raising her guard up.
「… Don’t treat me like a child.」
「I know you, O genius A-ranker-san. But still, such power despite such youth, I couldn’t help but feel envious of you.」
Despite saying as such, a composed smile floated on Curryman’s face. If it were the him of the past, he would have surely become more heated in his fight against the opponent in front of him without hiding his envy.
Tetsujin, on the other hand, did not have as much composure. Her fighting style was something that took advantage of her strong point, speed. A unique opening-exploitation fighting style created by leveraging her speed to toy with her opponents, and freely shifting between close and long range combat.
However, in her previous fight against Kugel, despite the fact that she surpassed him in speed, she ended up being the one who was being toyed with by his skillful fighting style. And then, after several exchanges against the opponent in front of her. Tetsujin sensed that Curryman was even stronger than Kugel.
「You guys are the amazing ones. Such power… how in the world did you obtain it?」
Perceiving that there was only a slight chance of winning even if they continued to fight as they were, Tetsujin prolonged the conversation. That way, even only during the time gained during their conversation, she’d be able to hold down the skillful warrior in front of her in place. From a tactical standpoint, it should not be a wrong choice. Above all, Tetsujin was genuinely interested in the power of her opponent.
「Let me see…. Well, you’ll find out soon enough. That the world is way bigger than you ever imagined.」
It was not the answer Tetsujin had expected, but it was an answer that gave her a kind of premonition. The arrival of a future that was beyond imagination for the current her, such a premonition was–.
◇ ◇ ◇
