Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 73 part 1.

The Moving Ambition
The northern part of the continent – a barren land where nothing could be gained. A thousand years had passed since demons were defeated in the war and drifted to this land, where cold and quiet time had passed by for a long time. There were surely those who had wished for this equilibrium to continue unchanged for eternity. However, the small fluctuations that had emerged in various parts of the world were now without a doubt giving an impact on the world. This land, the edge of the world, was no exception either.
The harsh environment of this land showed an even more ferocious face as the weather crumbled. The strong winds were blowing as if scraping off the solid ground. The soaring clouds of dust were blocking the light, turning the land into a dim ashen colored world even though it was daytime. There were shadows of people standing leisurely in this world where almost all vision was taken away.
The ones standing there were a group of about ten people. It was hard to tell who they were from their figures that were entirely concealed by robes. Their hoods, which covered their heads to protect them from the strong winds, were also only slightly open around their eyes. From the pale skin and seemingly burning glowing red eyes you could barely make out of them, you could tell that they were no ordinary humans.
「… So you’ve come.」
A short whisper leaked from one of them. Even though they were in the midst of a raging sandstorm, without missing out this quiet voice, the group of demons strengthened their vigilance. This proved that they possessed excellent senses and concentration ability. From that disciplined movements and behavior, you could catch a glimpse that they were considerably capable.
Not long after, a strange noise could be heard in the midst of the sandstorm. This sound, which gradually grew louder and louder, was telling them of the presence of those who were drawing near to them, cutting through the wind in the storm.
Several shadows appeared. The ones who appeared, flapping their black wings, were several people of the winged tribe. The reason why they were able to descend in leisure, as if the storm was nonexistent at all, was because combined with the fact that their wings were natural magic tools, they also possessed outstanding abilities.
These winged people headed straight toward the one who appeared to be the leader of the demon group and bowed their heads.
「Good work with your long campaign. It may be sudden, but let’s see what you’ve got.」
Nodding respectfully to the man who seemed to be the leader of the demon group, they then held out a box forward. It was an ancient-looking, but sturdy, long box.
The leader man glanced at his subordinate in silence. And then, his subordinate, sensing this, walked up to the winged people and opened the box. At that moment, the air in the place changed. That was because such a dense magical energy erupted.
「Oh!」
What lay within was a single sword. It was a legendary relic that was said to have been wielded by the Demon Lord of a thousand years ago to fight not only the armies of mankind, but also the Gods that protected them on equal terms.
「The blood of countless warriors has been spilled to find and retrieve this treasure. But we believe that their sacrifice was surely not in vain!」
Perhaps affected by its power. The subordinate stared excitedly at the sword.
The cursed sword Bundam–. It was not only the leader man, the elites of the demons who were present there were also staring fixedly at the tingling senseable mighty power it radiated. As if they were mesmerized by the cursed sword.
If put into words, their appearance looked just like B-movie fanatics being unable to take their eyes off a popular action star. If Tanaka-san had been there, there was no doubt that he would have exclaimed ‘Thursday…’ in surprise. Could you see how much of a dangerous item the cursed sword Bundam was? It was dangerous in a lot of ways.
「—Hmm? The power that is hidden, as though mixed in, in this powerful wave is….」
The leader man, who could do nothing but be mesmerized in the presence of the legendary sword, came back to reality as if he had just woken up.
「You seem to have noticed it as well. There’s power of God that resides in this cursed sword Bundam. The power of our arch-enemy, Morinaga.」
「What?! What’s going on?! Why is the power of god—of all thing, our mortal enemy Morinaga’s is in the cursed sword…?」
The winged person, who was being questioned, answered while staring at the box where the cursed sword was lying within.
「It seemed that humans and Gods, who narrowly won the great war in the past, were afraid of it. Of the power of this cursed sword—which was the source of power that enabled the Demon Lord to fight equally against the strongest God, Morinaga…. However, as Morinaga could not destroy the cursed sword even with her power, it appeared that she resorted to putting a seal on it, moreover, after using this divine armament to seal off its magical energy, he hid it tightly.」
「It’s sealed, you say?… This cursed sword Bundam that is radiating such power is….」
The demons showed an expression as though they found it unbelievable. That surprised reaction might be comparable to Tanaka-san’s when he found out that his favorite action star had fallen into a slump. Comparing everything to Tanaka might be too troubles…, technical and difficult to understand, so let’s refrain from it around here.
「It may be sealed, but this power is the real deal. This cursed sword Bundam is exactly the proof of the one who rules over demons. The moment this divine seal is broken and the true power of this cursed sword is released, the age of us demons will surely come. And there is no one else who can do that but Ganash-sama.」
Perhaps affected by the power of the cursed sword. The winged person emphasized in elation.
「You’re right…, if it were Ganash-sama, he would surely be able to exterminate Gods and build a world of demons. But still, as expected of a God, huh, to think he’d put a seal on it. A seal, huh….」
The leader man looked as though fell into thought for a while, before floating a cold smile.
「Kukuku, looks like we’ve got just the right thing we need. What an opportunity! Isn’t it just as though the world is encouraging the world of us demons!」
After letting out laughter for a while, the man began to move toward his ambition.
「The path is clear! Let’s go!」
The figures of the demons disappeared as if they were merging into the sandstorm. The new ripples born at the edge of the world began to spread. Currently, it was nothing more than a very small fluctuation. However, this wave was hiding danger that could shake the entire world.
◇ ◇ ◇
