Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 30 Part 2.

As though being split apart, the troops reflexively made a way for them, and the figure continued to move ahead on their path as though nothing had happened at all. Accompanying the figure was an existence clad in a jet black robe. Their visage wasn’t visible due to it being concealed deep inside the robe, but that served only to enhance the eerie aura they exuded. And finally walking muscles clad in nothing but jet black pants. An existence exuding no less overwhelming presence, who was for some unknown reason dressed in nothing but a pair of underpants.
Those existences were merely passing by the troops in leisure. Wherein, out of nowhere voices began to echo. ‘It’s the Evil God,’ ‘It’s the jet black Evil God,’ they said….
Some of the troops seemed to be able to move their bodies already, they were those who had encountered team Tanaka prior to this. The commander, who had been stationed at the Majide Fortress all of the time, had only heard the matters regarding the Evil God through rumors. However, now that he had witnessed them in person, he finally realized that they were truly existences beyond human understanding. And then, he couldn’t help but think.
「The jet black Evil God who queled the chaos in the Western region with his overwhelming power… I did hear the rumor about the Evil God of salvation, but I thought it was nothing but a bogus rumor. However, those existences who threatened to crush us with their presences alone… I suppose their rumored power was the real deal. And then, the fact that they showed up at this place, at this moment….」
The event they experienced a few days ago. He couldn’t come up with any plans to overcome it. It definitely wasn’t because he was nothing but a mere commander. It was because the incident was simply in a dimension that couldn’t be dealt with by mere human beings, be it the general or the king. It was akin to a natural disaster that was beyond the scope of humanity’s capability… That was why, watching their disappearing figures, he couldn’t help but pray.
Please become a real Evil God of salvation
, he prayed–
◇ ◇ ◇
「Did you see that? Those people, they were totally in awe of how cool I looked back there. It’s a pity that there was no beauty among them, but at least with this I’m certain now. I’m certain that my new challenge isn’t a mistake.」
Tanaka was boasting to his two comrades with a smug look on his face. That was right, it had already been a month since that fateful day. Tanaka’s technique was close to reaching the point of perfection. Normally, Chanting Omission and Multiple chanting weren’t something that could be learned so easily. That showed simply how fearsome Tanaka’s tenacity was… toward harem. As Tanaka continued to boast about his accomplishment, someone let out a comment about it. It was the team’s vault of wisdom, Kaku-san.
「Something is definitely not right there.」
Kaku-san was usually acting like nothing more than a joke character, but deep down he was still a capable person. As a spirit who had lived for numerous years, his experience was nothing short of extraordinary.
「There’s no way they’d be fascinated when I didn’t even show them any poses.」
He was merely envious. A man who wouldn’t compromise when it came to appearance. That was Kaku-san.
「Now, now, I haven’t done anything either-degozaru.」
Suke-san was as heartwarming as usual.
「Then, it must be that, right? The aura or whatever it was called that we all exuded upon completing our training, it was the cause for all that to happen. In other world, they were fascinated by all of us.」
Tanaka magnanimously took a step back. The got carried away Tanaka received Kaku-san’s opinion with adult’s composure. The training this time might have allowed him to mature up a bit. Kaku-san admired such a Tanaka’s broad mindedness, and was simultaneously ashamed of his own narrow mindedness.
「Humph! It’s fine as long as you get it.」
Kaku-san. He was surprisingly a tsundere.
「I’d also like to be able to openly show myself without hiding my appearance in the hood-degozaru. I’d like to wear a mask or something-degozaru.」
Suke was unusually asking for something. It had only been a year or so since he was born, but mentality-wise, he seemed to have slightly matured up as well.
「Alright, got it, got it. The next time we ge t to a town, I’ll get a really cool one for you.」
This time, they did attain new power through their training, but perhaps this growth of their minds was the greatest improvement of the team.
「But well. We’re about to arrive at the Purin kingdom, and judging from the way things turned out just now, the flow may have changed.」
In the end, this composure of Tanaka might have been aided by the reassurance that he seemed to have safely escaped his pursuers. And then, as usual, Tanaka got carried away.
「Kukuku, O World. Finally, I’ve finally overcome your onslaught. And this flow, ordinary people might have overlooked it, but I’m a pro. Victory is practically mine!」
Thus, the got carried away Tanaka, along with his comrades, marched straight toward the writhing, monster-infested Majide fortress, where angel Caramel was lying in wait for their arrival.
.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 31                                 Experience: 436/3100             Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 4.7e13/4.7e13            Magical energy: 7.4e13/7.4e13
Strength: 4.7e12                     Dexterity: 4.9e12                    Agility: 5.3e12
Intelligence: 6.9e12                 Spirit: 7.2e12
Skills: Sword (2.69) Magic (3.23) Believed One (8.47) Dragon Slayer (5.69) Spirit Master (2.15) Chanting Omission (1.24) Multiple Chanting (1.09)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak
Money: 4522,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 22                                 Experience: 719/2200             Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 286.00/286.00            Magical energy: 475.00/475.00
Strength: 158.00                     Dexterity: 155.00                    Agility: 217.00
Intelligence: 223.00                 Spirit: 227.00
Skills: Lance (2.34) Magic (3.04) Dragon Slayer (5.36) Believed One (5.56)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 16384.00/16384.00    Magical energy: 16384.00/16384.00
Skills: Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.03) Apostle (2.15) Believed One (4.87)
