Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 16 part 2.

「You’re wrong! That one wasn’t good at all, you have to finish it off properly first! This is how you do it!」
Tanaka stepped in between Suke-san and the earth lizard, and flashed his sword.
「Fuu, don’t worry, I used the back of my sword.」
The earth lizard was cruelly cut in two, and rolled to the ground.
「Oh! As expected of you-degozaru, Tanaka-dono. By the way, what is this ‘I used the back of my sword’ thing-degozaru?」
Even as he was astonished by Tanaka’s strike, Suke-san didn’t forget to inquire about the catch-phrase that had been stated at the end of each attack.
「It’s a word of thanks to the monster that will later become our food. It’s important, so be sure to remember it.」
「Understood-degozaru.」
Thus, as Tanaka taught Suke-san mistaken customs of another world, the two continued to hunt monsters. The basic formation was: Suke-san acted as the main fighter, and Tanaka acted as the support. On the occasion Suke-san received injuries, Tanaka would use healing magic to fully heal him. Tanaka was afraid that healing magic might deal damage to Suke-san instead, as he was a skeleton, but that seemed to be not the case.
When he inquired about skeletons in the guild, it was said that they were existences akin to departed souls. Pragmatically speaking, it appeared that they were more like magical creatures that used bones as their medium. Therefore, should they receive injuries, they could similarly be healed with healing magic.
After a week of hunting monsters, Suke-san’s fighting prowess had steadily improved, and so had Tanaka’s magic skill.
And then, when the two headed to the guild the next morning as usual, they met Echigoya, who had finally arrived at the town. As they both had something to talk to each other, they moved to a room in the guild to have a talk.
「A winged beauty, huh….」
「Yeah, she one-sidedly attacked me, and didn’t listen to anything I said at all.」
Echigoya crossed his arms, as he lost in thought. Tanaka was consulting Echigoya about the attack of the winged beauty he experienced the other day.
「There are numerous winged races among demons. But there shouldn’t be any who are so belligerent, though….」
Echigoya recalled his memories, and told Tanaka about the winged races that he knew of. However, what he told Tanaka didn’t seem to match the matter of the other day.
「Ah, by the way, the one I saved in that incident is Suke-san over here. Currently he’s working together with me doing requests in the guild.」
As it didn’t seem like he’d obtain the answer for the matter, Tanaka decided to introduce Suke-san to Echigoya. Suke-san straightened his body and greeted Echigoya at once.
「I’m Suke-degozaru. I’ll be in your care from now on-degozaru.」
Echigoya responded to him in his usual smile.
「Likewise, I’ll also be in your care from now on. But still, I never thought there would come a day where you’d be working with someone else, Tanaka-san.」
Tanaka possessed an unfathomable power. Echigoya, who was well aware of this fact, thought that Tanaka wouldn’t ever need help from someone else. He thought that Tanaka himself also similarly thought as such, as he’d always been working on his own.
「Is that so? I’ve also been thinking about various things regarding the future, you know? Anyway, I can leave the matter of the winged race to the guild, right? Well, we did once manage to get away from one, so if we keep our guards up and ready to flee the moment we meet one, I think we should be able to manage it somehow.」
Tanaka was preoccupied with his strongest team project, so he was determined to leave the whole matter of the winged beauty’s attack to the guild. He was eager to have the guild to deal with it.
「… I see. Well, for the time being, I’ll warn the residents about this matter. But, in case they caused casualties, I might issue a request to subjugate them, is that acceptable?」
Honestly speaking, Echigoya thought that Tanaka was simply abnormal, so if someone else were to get attacked instead, casualties would without a doubt appear. However, as there was currently not much information available, there was nothing they could do about it. Upon confirming that he could leave the matter to Tanaka should casualties appear, he decided to put out a warning about the matter first.
「Hmm, I’m disinclined to see a beautiful woman die, but… I guess it can’t be helped. Well, it isn’t like it’s already set in stone for that all to happen anyway, so very well.」
For the time being, with this Tanaka decided to forget completely about the attack incident at once.
「Then, let’s put this matter as concluded for the time being. Anything else?」
Echigoya was intending to put the discussion to a stop, but a request unexpectedly came from Tanaka.
「Ah, right. I’m thinking about taking around a week off from work.」
「A week? May I ask what are you planning to do?」
The number of monsters hunted by Tanaka was on another level compared to the other, so Echigoya had quite a high expectation of him. Having Tanaka headed to this town ahead of him, he’d already shown some results of his work in this one week. As far as Echigoya was concerned, he’d like Tanaka to continue undertaking his work as usual at this pace. For the time being, however, he thought about asking the reason first, and tried to determine if it was really worth spending so much time on it.
「I’m still lacking in my ability to control magic, so I need to train and adjust myself so that I can learn new magic.」
「Oh, Tanaka-san, so you aren’t that good at magic, huh. That’s new to me.」
He’d heard that Tanaka could only use live-support magic, but now that he’d known the reason, he was convinced. Normally, you could more or less use magic once you memorized it. And as you continued to use it, any small problems you had with it would disappear before long. Knowing that even Tanaka, who boasted superhuman power, had something he wasn’t good at, Echigoya felt a bit relieved.
「What are you even talking about? I’m the worst at everything! Anyway, I’d like to take some time off for training, you don’t mind, do you?」
Nevertheless, it might be only for a week, but it would still be quite a blow. However, upon hearing that the reason was to train in magic, Echigoya lost any reason to oppose the idea.
「Very well. We’ll do our best to handle work as efficiently as possible to somehow manage things here. But, please return as soon as possible.」
「Roger.」
At any rate, Tanaka’s reason was a constructive one which was to train in magic, so Echigoya readily agreed to it.
Shoving the matter with the winged beauty to the guild, and getting permission to have magic training in return, Tanaka was brimming with excitement.
Thus, having settled their plan for extended magic training, Suke-san and Tanaka’s preparation was about to begin.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 22             Experience: 1449/2200     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.6e13/3.6e13        Magical energy: 4.6e13/4.6e13
Strength: 3.6e12         Dexterity: 3.5e12         Agility: 3.6e12
Intelligence: 4.6e12         Spirit: 4.6e12
Skills: Sword (2.33) Magic (1.51) Believed One (1.48) Dragon Slayer (0.51)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak
Money: 401,000G
Name: Suke
Level: 7             Experience: 438/700         Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 104.00/104.00     Magical energy: 112.00/112.00
Strength: 39.00         Dexterity: 38.00         Agility: 52.00
Intelligence: 41.00         Spirit: 45.00
Skills: Lance (0.81)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
