Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 58 Part 2.

It brought back memories where he used to come and go over and over again in front of an adult vending machine in the past.
For some reason, the vending machine was located on a street where there was no end of people passing by. Every time he was about to insert the coin, someone would pass by. It was unknown how many times he had to deliberately mutter, ‘Huh? It’s not a juice vending machine?’ to himself, before having no choice but to retreat.
However, Tanaka never gave up. It was because, age wise, he was still at the age where he was not yet allowed to step into the adult world. This was the only way for Tanaka to enter the adult world. It was a high-risk venture with a high possibility of failure as the contents inside could not be confirmed. But even so, the him in his younger days had boldly challenged it.
「 Looks like I’m pretty badass myself, huh…. 」
It was such a diabolical act that should he have been found out, he would surely have plunged the whole town into fear. Even now, twenty years later, he would probably still be talked about among delinquents as a legend.
「 Phew…. 」
Recalling the mischievous act he had once done, a smile floated on his face.
And then he realized. That power was surging inside of him. Like in his younger days, when he kept challenging his adversaries with an indomitable fighting spirit. Tanaka’s heart, which should have been smeared in darkness, as he was recalling his distant memories, was dyed in pink.
「 Come to think of it, I’ve heard that the people who were summoned from other worlds seemed to call them elves or erofus. 」
Finally, Tanaka-san took the first step toward the forest. His figure was like that of a gale.
「 Whoa, hey! What’s wrong with you so suddenly? Weren’t we going to go straight home? 」
「 The situation doesn’t seem so simple-degozaru. What in the world is…. 」
Suke-san and Kaku-san also hurriedly followed after Tanaka. He was diving into the forest with boldness that was unimaginable for the usual Tanaka.
That was inevitable, however. Airflow magic was invoked as soon as he began dashing off. Thanks to that, the air in this whole area was already under Tanaka’s control. Tanaka instantly grasped the situation in the forest, and headed for his target in a straight line through the poor visibility forest. Toward the supposedly kyakya ufufu event scene.
There were two figures fighting there. They were in a so-called one on one battle. A slight distance away behind each of them, there appeared to be people who seemed to be their allies. There were three of them on one side and quite a few on the other.
「 Whoa! This event is simply too tasty! Four elf-sans even if I miss, and a hundred erofu-sans if I hit! Not good! I think I’m going to become a believer in this game company! 」
Tanaka-san seemed to be attracted by the grand act of the surely going bankrupt company.
「 The ones standing in crowds are the forest tribe. 」
Hearing these brief words of Kaku-san, his joy finally broke through the sky.
「 Hyahha! You two wait here! 」
And then, no matter how much he had lost sight of himself, he remained true to his desire. This man was determined to hog the delicious event to himself.
「 What’s there to be so impatient for? 」
「 Let’s observe the situation for the time being-degozaru. 」
The two stopped as told, and saw off the disappearing into the forest Tanaka with lukewarm eyes.
◇ ◇ ◇
「 Good graciousness…, even though being a demon is already hard in itself. 」
Staring at the opponent in front of him, the human man grumbled as such. On the other hand, the demon in front of him showed no reaction whatsoever. Combined with the countless wriggling snake tattoos on his body, he was quite an eerie opponent.
It was not like he was expecting a response or anything, but he then immediately created a wide space between them and began to accumulate his power.
The next moment, in a hopping spring-like movement, he closed their distance in an instant. Following his momentum, he unleashed the twin swords in both of his hands.
An almost simultaneous series of attacks aimed at the head and flank from the same side. However, neither blocking nor evading, his opponent showed no reaction whatsoever in the face of this technique. It wasn’t that he couldn’t react to it. There was no need to.
The snakes that had been wriggling in the body of the demon immediately materialized and blocked the twin swords that could be said to be superhuman work with its Gakuya . At the same time, another snake that had materialized attacked the man.
「 Tch! 」
The man dodged the snake with a reaction that could be called genius. Moreover, he deftly dealt with the snakes that attacked him one after another with the twin swords in his hands and overcame their onslaught.
「 I was quite serious with my attack just now, though. What a troublesome opponent. 」
「 My oh my, does that mean you’re holding back against my cute pet? You sure are looking down on us. 」
The one who responded to the man’s murmur was the figure next to the demon whom he had been fighting against. It was a human female who was followed by the tattooed demons on her sides.
「 Aren’t you the one who’s looking down on me? I’m not so weak that I can be defeated by a controlled demon. 」
「 What are you talking about? They’re monsters. And I, who am controlling these strongest monsters, am the best monster tamer in the country. Call me Nawasuki-sama!
「 I’ve been acting as I pleased in this country for years myself, but even I’m getting sick of the people of this country. Just as you want, I’m going to take it seriously. I’m going to put an end to this, so bring it on! 」
The man roared. That stance, and that vigor, you could see that he meant what he had just said. However, maintaining her relaxed smile, Nawasuki the monster tamer replied.
「 As expected you’re the one who’s been looking down on us, Curryman the twin swords. There’s no way I’d fight in such an inefficient manner against an A ranker, after all. 」
As soon as she replied as such, the demons on her sides immediately sprung into action. The demon in front of him also ignored Curryman and headed towards the forest tribe.
Curryman’s face clouded. It was true that victory would be further away from him, but he didn’t feel like losing either. Even if he had to face against the three of them.
However, that matter was applied only if they were coming at him. If the target was the forest tribe, it would be a different matter altogether. It was difficult for even an A-ranker to protect his guard target on his own against three opponents at the same time. Not to mention if the opponent was someone who had shown to be evenly matched against him, even if he’d been holding back.
The demon tried to jump into the thicket where the forest tribe were hiding. However, as if to block them, a ray of light descended from the sky.
「 Oops, that’s as far as you go. If you want to go any further, you’d better prepare yourself. 」
Striking a cool pose at the moment of landing.
「 Be ready that it’d be nothing but a direct flight to the other side. 」
「 You are! 」
Curryman was surprised to see this figure. It was his benefactor, his idol. And was the strongest man he knew.
