Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 94 Part 2.

「You don’t have to be so nervous, don’t worry.」
Lala floated a smile toward Kamui, who displayed a hint of tense expression. It had been a while since the two of them had spoken, but Kamui was unable to bring himself to act as close to her as they were in the past.
「It may seem like a dangerous situation, but for us it’s nothing more than an occurrence that’s within expectation. Am I right?」
「Yes, everything is under the guidance of our God. Everyone here will surely come to know sooner or later. Who it is who ought to rule over this world.」
The woman Lala brought up the matter with answered without any shreds of hesitation. What attached on her back were pure white wings. Unlike angel Caramel, she didn’t possess any special powers, but she was unmistakably an apostle of the God they believe in.
「You even pretended to be winged people. So let’s have them dance flashily to the best they can.」
Lala turned her attention back to Ganash, who was attracting the attention of people in the arena.
「If you’re still worried even then, I don’t mind you stepping up and defeating that man, you know, Kamui-sama? It would be more exciting that way, and watching the flustered them strangling their neck with their own hands might be interesting, after all.」
Perhaps due to the matter being about to be realized soon, in contrast to the somewhat in a good mood Princess Lala, Kamui was displaying a somewhat nervous expression as usual. However, the reason was not because of anything that Princess Lala was worried about.
In the first place, Kamui was not the slightest bit worried about the commotion of the demons that was happening right in front of his eyes. It was because he knew that there was no way such a forceful approach–, such an unreasonableness of suppressing others by force would ever be tolerated by that man. That was right, it was the man who could be said to be the benefactor who had opened up his eyes that was as good as blind.
The moment Kamui caught sight of the figure of the man during the final match, he was dumbfounded by how different their airs around him were from before, but there was no way he would ever mistake the appearance of his benefactor.
「I only feel pity as those schemes of yours, in front of that man, will surely end up in vain.」
Kamui muttered as such in a quiet, melancholic voice, but the moment he saw the figure of Tetsujin, innocently stuffing her cheeks with what looked like popcorn next to him, he began to feel that everything didn’t really matter anymore. He recalled the figure of this companion of his, who had been gazing at the arena with rapt attention since the beginning of the tournament festival.
We’ve been adventuring together for a long time now, but I sure know nothing about her, huh
, as such a thought vaguely crossed his mind, he shifted his eyes to the arena as well.
◇ ◇ ◇
Ganash continued to stand fearlessly alone in the arena. Time passed, but no challenger appeared. It was clear that the reason for this lay in Imperial Princess Karin who was lying next to him. Seeing the sorry figure of her, the winner of this period tournament, everyone hesitating was something understandable.
「It’s not going to be much fun if there isn’t even at least one challenger.」
Ganash muttered as such. He regretted that, if he’d known that this would happen, he should have stepped up and fought there at once the moment the winner was decided. He had originally intended to do so, but the circumstances had changed. In the scheme this time, the gravity of the ceremony had risen above all else. Therefore, he couldn’t fight in an order where the possibility of the ceremony not being performed might arise. There was an idea of him claiming the championship himself, but having not the slightest interest in playing along with a farce such as the tournament festival, so he decided to move after the ceremony had begun. Unable to bring up the foolish proposal of fighting in the arena under such circumstances, he had no choice but to eliminate the Imperial Princess then and there, as she would be nothing but hindrance in the ceremony. In the end, he attempted to show off his power in such a manner, but plan was something that did not go well.
「I would have liked to directly show my power, but it can’t be helped.」
The moment he judged as such and was about to move the plan on to the next stage.
「What the hell have you done?!」
Somewhat unable to read the room, a voice of anger echoed through the silent arena. These were the first words of the man, who had left the arena due to unavoidable circumstances, upon his return. This anger was something beyond our imaginations. If it had to be put into words, the righteous indignation of finding only a twin set of four-piece packages of meat bun being sold even though we wanted to eat
anko
bun, his anger being able to easily go above and beyond such an anger was surely without a doubt.
「Hey! Please calm down a bit! I don’t quite get what’s going on, but facing someone like him is not a good idea. Somehow, he seems crazy strong, after all!」
Toby was trying to somehow rein Tanaka’s attachment with steamed bun. However, there was no way he could stop Tanaka’s obsession with food.
「You fool! Seeing this situation, do you seriously not get it?!」
Tanaka took a glance at the surroundings and accurately assessed the situation. The uncouth fellow who, unable to read the room, had trespassed into this festival that had been set for the sake of entertainment of Imperial Princess-chan, was the man in front of them, as there was no way she, who had been raised like that of a princess, would be able to stand against such a man, things turned into the current situation. Such was the point of view of Tanaka-san, a self-proclaimed political commentator.
「If it had happened after the fact…, I will kill him.」
In order to cover up the fact that he had gotten a little excited at the delusion that he couldn’t help but think about, he left Toby with a cool line and moved his legs forward toward the arena alone.
