Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 35 Part 1.

Here Comes Cliche development!
「It looks like the situation is kind of serious over there-degozaru.」
Suke-san uttered the words as he gazed far into the distance. There were several wagons as well as a disproportionately large number of silhouettes of people at the center of his sight. And there were a lot of angry roars echoing from the scene that could be heard even from their location, which was quite far away.
「Things don’t seem to be going peacefully there… What should we do?」
Asked Kaku-san to Tanaka, their reliable leader. Speaking of Tanaka, the man in question, his body was trembling slightly. However, it wasn’t due to fear. As joy could be seen oozing out of his face.
「… It’s here. It’s finally here! As expected, my strategy to make a fresh start in this country wasn’t a mistake at all. Kukuku, merchant raid event, huh. Well, I guess it’s quite an acceptable one for my first event.」
It’d been a little over a year since he was thrown into this other world. Tanaka had been tormented by countless unreasonable hardships for a long time now, but he could intuitively feel that the turning point had finally appeared in front of him.
In front of his eyes, an event that would lead him to his glorious dreamy otherworld life was taking place. Tanaka wanted nothing but to rush to the scene as soon as possible, but he suppressed the rampaging desire with his firm will.
「Calm down, me. I’ve stepped into the real stage now. From now on, there is no room for failure. I have to choose the most perfect conquering strategy….」
Tanaka simulated the most perfect strategy he could come up with from the extensive fountain of knowledge that lay dormant within him. After deliberating for a while, he finally made a decision.
「Suke-san, Kaku-san, you two standby over here. This event… I’m going to conquer it on my own….」
「…..」
Suke-san and Kaku-san were puzzled by Tanaka’s decision. However, that was to be expected as it was a decision that conflicted with one of the fundamental principles of Team Tanaka, his safety.
They were unsure whether they should stop Tanaka or not, but in the end decided to swallow their words when they saw Tanaka’s face. It was because that face of his was showing the look of a man who had matured up through various experiences.
「Got it. I’ll leave this matter to you this time.」
「I’m ready to move anytime should anything happens-degozaru.」
The two of them entrusted this whole matter to Tanaka. At a glance, it might have seemed like a ruthless decision. At the same time, however, it could be said to be the moment when the strongest than ever before trust in their comrades was born.
Tanaka was heading off to face the wall alone. Suke-san and Kaku-san stood in a cheering pose side by side as they saw him off.
「It’s almost 100% impossible to happen, but there’s still this one in a million chance that either Suke-san or Kaku-san would catch the eyes of the beauty, after all. That’s why I’m choosing the most surefire method, even if I have to risk my safety in the process.」
There stood a ruthless man who wouldn’t hesitate to sacrifice even his camaraderie for the sake of achieving his goal. He was truly a man worthy of reigning over all evils. Even as he slowly approached the event scene one step at a time, Tanaka continued to devise an even more perfect development plan until the very last moment. He showed not even a single shred of carelessness there.
◇ ◇ ◇
「Oioi, you better hurry up or things may pass the point of no return, you know? Make your decision quickly.」
A large bearded man floated a smirk on his face as he urged the man in front of him without letting his guard down. On the other hand, the man confronting him was simply glaring at him in silence, similarly without letting his guard down. Under such a seemingly critical situation, a voice suddenly echoed exactly at that moment.
「That’s as far as you go!」
In response to the sudden interference, the bandits gathered there began to look around, trying to find the source of the voice. However, they couldn’t find even the shadow of the one who seemed to be the person in question. The bandits were puzzled.
「Over here!」
They all immediately looked up at the sky in response to the voice that seemed to echo from somewhere above them. There stood the figure of a man that had appeared out of nowhere, who then gracefully jumped off from there.
Tanaka gracefully landed on the ground. Of course, he had already surveyed that there were no bumps on the landing place beforehand. It was truly a perfect entrance.
He turned around with a stern look on his face and asked.
「Are you okay?!」
The words might have been short, but they were filled with kindness and concern for their safety, as well as a strong will to save them.
Tanaka then proceeded to scan his surroundings. There stood the large bearded man along with a group of filthy men. He’d made a fatal mistake there. Apparently, the direction he had called out to was in the opposite direction of the wagon. However, Tanaka was a polished man who had been tempered through various experiences. Without even a moment of hesitation, he ad-libbed and adjusted the course of the event.
「Leave this place to me!」
Turning back to the wagons, he pointed at himself with his thumb, and said such in a cool manner. He didn’t forget to add such a gesture in order to gloss over his earlier mistake and dispel any misunderstanding. It was such an exquisite move that showed a wholly different level of sharpness unlike the Tanaka up until now.
At the same time, Tanaka scanned the surroundings once again. There stood none other than the leader-like man, along with as expected a group of fitly men.
「… kuh!」
Tanaka collapsed to his knees. In frustration, he tightly clenched his hands on the ground. However, all he could grasp was dry soil. The harem member he was supposed to grasp was nowhere to be seen.
