Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 94 Part 1.

Righteous Indignation
Ganash slowly descended the stairs leading from the ceremonial hall to the arena amidst the watchful eyes of the spectators who had gathered for the Imperial Tournament Festival. The spectators, which had been abuzz with excessive commotions, also gradually quieted down, and before they knew it, the place was completely silent. Therein, finally getting down to the arena, Ganash carelessly threw away Imperial Princess Karin, whom he was carrying.
「From this day on, the Imperial Capital Oedo will become the Kingdom of Demons. But there is no need to be anxious. Just as how the Empire had been tolerant of demons, I will also be tolerant of humans. I will ensure that everyone will be able to lead the same life as before. For those who have gathered here, this day will be nothing more than an event where the head of the nation being replaced.」
Ganash paused his words for a moment there and looked around at the spectators gathered there.
「However, of course I know that there are those who can’t accept this. In that case feel free to step forward. If you are able to make me submit, then I’ll firmly step back. After that, you may carry them for the sake of the continuation of the Empire.」
Ganash turned his head to the ceremonial hall. As the ceremony was interrupted, the pillar of light was still apparent. There, including Vinta Haru XIV, the members of the Imperial Family as well as the nobilities had been moved to a visible position.
「You may also replace me and become the ruler of this country yourself. Do what you want. Also, I would like to say something to the demons who are here, if there is anyone here who thinks they are the one who are worthy of being the Demon Lord, there is no need to hold back. Bravely challenge and show that you can defeat me. At that time, I will show my allegiance and promise my assistance for the prosperity of the demon race.」
The moment Torte, who was mixed in among the spectators, heard these words, she snickered.
「What a laudable thing to say. Though judging by his attitude for showing such a fearless smile, he probably has no expectation in the slightest that such a situation will arise.」
「So? That man named Ganash. Can you tell me how much of a powerful person he is?」
Yashichi, who had been observing the situation in silence, asked Torte.
「His tribe is filled with rough folks specialized in battle, you see. It was a dying out tribe due to never-ending dispute, but it seems everything changed due to him being born. Even amidst those with high battle power, he completely dominated the tribe with overwhelming power that could be said to be the strongest. It’s vexing to admit, but I don’t think I can beat him, even with Eclair. He is without a doubt the strongest man in the demon race.」
「Oh, he’s a man of such an extent?」
Yashichi turned his gaze toward the man in the arena again.
「The way he leaves the winner of the tournament festival rolling at his feet and says nothing about it is truly hateful.」
More accurately, the fact that this rolling winner was a woman was most likely the main cause Mikoto showed displeased expression. If Tanaka-san were to be here, without any consideration of consequence, he would have jubilantly deluded about this and that, err, would have been seething with anger, without a doubt.
「You seem to be pretty angry, Mikoto. The current me can’t be said to be perfect, but if you desire it, I don’t mind stepping up.」
This brimming with manliness line was from the superior spirit Zonmer slash Uesama, who had turned into an objet d’art that stood atop Mikoto’s shoulder and hadn’t uttered even a single word until then.
「Wha! It’s not a stylish accessory?! Or rather, that little bird just talked. What in the world is that?」
And then, the knight of Roses was remarkably surprised by this. As someone who cared about style more than others, he surely found the little bird objet d’art that Mikoto wore on her shoulder both novel and fascinating. For him who had even secretly thought of coordinating it with the tulip armor, finding out that it was actually not an accessory was a total shock.
Next to him, Nikumen was giving a thumbs-up to Uesama. Perhaps Uesama’s brimming with manliness words had something he could relate with as a man himself.
「You folks…. Be a little more serious. It’s for better or worse a crisis of this country, isn’t it?」
Torte, the youngest yet the most sensible one in this group, warned them. However, seeing her own attendant, Éclair, staring at Uesama with sparkling eyes, unable to say anything more, she couldn’t help but let out a sigh.
◇ ◇ ◇
「—with this the Empire is over, huh. It was an opponent that once pushed us through hardships, but now that I get to see its final moment right in front of me, it’s quite a moving spectacle.」
Watching the whole event from the dignitary’s seat, Princess Lala of the Purin Kingdom muttered as such. These words weren’t directed toward anyone in particular, but as Hero Kamui, who was next to her, showed a reaction and turned his face toward her, the conversation continued.
「You seem to have something to say, Hero Kamui.」
「… No.」
With the Demon Lord subjugation as the turning point, the expectation toward the Kingdom’s Hero had declined. While it was nothing but a tragic accident, one of the reasons was that Kamui began to harbor doubts toward the stance of the Kingdom. As a result, a delicate gap in the relationship between Kamui and the Kingdom began to be born.
However, due to the effects of the publicity up until now, the influence of Hero Kamui was still great. In a sense, the Kingdom could be said to be unsure of what to do with the existence of the Hero. This time, even the fact that the Kingdom was formulating various schemes, Kamui hadn’t been informed at all. Even in this tournament festival, he was there as nothing more than an escort of the Princess.
And then, the growing cold relations between Kamui and the Kingdom was also vividly appearing in the relationship between Kamui and Princess Lala. The direct cause of this was that Lala had begun to distance herself from Kamui, who had started to unnecessarily use wisdom, though.
