Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 102.

Three Helpers
「Children of the Abominable God of Creation. Feel free to taste your own powerlessness to the fullest!」
The Incarnation of Destruction began to move.
The first one to be targeted was Morinaga. However, Morinaga continued to stay on her knees, exposed to the power of God, she was unable to even move her body properly.
「You….」
「I’ll take it in order to break the barrier of the God of Creation. That power!」
The Incarnation of Destruction zoomed in toward Morinaga. However, the heroes stood in front of it.
「Divine shield!」
Kamui unleashed the power hidden in the ‘Divine Shield Biscuit’ and created a wall of light as if to obstruct the path of the Incarnation of Destruction.
「It’s useless. That level of power is no obstacle at all in the face of a God.」
The still remaining half of the face of the apostle turned into an expression of exasperation. The Incarnation of Destruction charged straight onto the wall of light as it was without seemingly being concerned about it at all. Wielding the power of God to reduce everything to nothing, it intended to pass through it as it was.
「I won’t let that happen!」
Yashichi activated the power of God and transformed the wall of light. Being clad in the power of God, the wall of light shone even brighter.
The body of the Incarnation of Destruction that was touching the wall of light was repelled by the opposing power.
「The possessor of the blessing of the God of Creation, huh. In that case, I shall crush you all along with brute force!」
The Incarnation of Destruction put its strength into forcefully breaking through the wall of light.
「Guh!」
As if to not to be outpushed by its enormous pressure, Kamui exerted the whole power within his body. He managed to somehow endure it, but releasing the Divine Artifact rapidly consumed both of Kamui’s stamina and magical energy.
「Mikoto! Use that support!」
Promptly perceiving Kamui’s exhaustion, Yashichi let out such an instruction.
「Yes! Hold your ground, Kamui!」
Mikoto performed stamina recovery and magical energy transfer.
「You too Yashich-san!」
「I can still hold out for a while longer! Prioritize in healing him!」
The three heroes were cooperating to hinder the path of the Incarnation of Destruction.
「I just don’t get it. With the power of the three of you, you’ll only be able to maintain this wall for a short whole longer, won’t you? What’s the point of postponing your demise for only that paltry amount of time?」
「I’m just bad at giving up, you see! I’ll resist to the bitter end!」
Yashichi believed. That Tanaka would return— that someone would surely come to save them, and Tanaka, who at the moment was in the middle of relaxing on a beach chair, would return.
「It was a virtually negligible time for a God. I don’t mind waiting for you three to use up all your strength, but—」
The remaining face of the apostle on the Incarnation of Destruction changed.
「I’m getting fed up with being faced with the barrier of the God of Creation, you see. That’s why I shall end it right this instant!」
The power of the Incarnation of Destruction increased at once, and the pressure on the wall of light also skyrocketed. As if being crushed, Kamui feebly fell to his knees.
「A, anymore than this is…!」
「Even though you were acting all high and mighty until just a few days ago! Show some more guts!」
Mikoto was supporting Kamui’s back, but the pressure from the Incarnation of Destruction was still rising even further. And the wall of light supported by the two was also gradually being pushed back
「Begone!」
The sudden rise of pressure created an explosion-like effect that blew away the whole area. The paved floor of the ceremonial hall was ruined, raising a cloud of dust up high that covered their vision.
Amidst the blindness, small pieces of debris were raining down.
As the vision gradually cleared up, the tattered floor and the people lying on it were revealed.
Those who were originally unable to move in the presence of the Incarnation of Destruction, having wound up receiving such a devastating attack, all of them were in a state that could be said to be on the verge of death.
Even the heroes, they might have raised some defense, but they were also unable to stand up upon receiving the attack from point-blank range.
The only ones standing there were the Incarnation of Destruction and Morinaga, whose head was lifted.
「How unsightly. Appreciating it as it is also seems appealing in its own way, but as expected I can’t stand it anymore. Let’s enjoy it right away.」
Just as the Incarnation of Destruction was about to seize Morinaga as it was, light ran through it.
In the next moment, the released Morinaga fell on the ground, and the severed arm of the Incarnation of Destruction all rolled down before vanishing.
「I won’t let you go any further than that.」
The one who was there was the jet black robe-clad Bone of Team Tanaka, Suke-san.
The other one was the dazzling jet black inverted triangle-clad Muscle of Team Tanaka, Kaku-san.
「Y, you guys are!」
Mikoto, who was lying on the ground, exclaimed in surprise when she saw the men who were not supposed to be there.
And then, the one in between the two of them was the figure of Nikumen, who had his arms crossed and held up his index finger in a ‘tsk tsk tsk!’ gesture.
「Huh? Why?」
Mikoto couldn’t help but exclaim in wonder at the appearance of this unexpected figure.
As if to answer her doubt, Nikumen put his hand on the manga meat mask.
And then, what was revealed there was the oil smeared face of the Tavern old man.
「Huh? Why is the tavern old man-san…? Huh? Huh? Huuuuuuuuuuuu?!」
Mikoto was confused by the development that didn’t serve to answer her doubt at all.
On the other hand, the one who was confused in a different sense was Kamui.
「Wha? Why are those monsters here?! The tavern old man-san is in danger!」
At the appearance of the monsters who one instilled trauma on him, Kamui was in the height of shock.
In such a situation, speaking of the incarnation of the world of destruction, it turned toward the Tavern old man and the others.
「That may be just a temporary figure, but quite a pathetic state you’ve got there, God of Creation.」
「Hmm, back to you. You seem to still have such a poor hobby as always, God of Destruction.」
「Did you put too much power into your barrier that you ended up getting weakened? Just give up and be my nourishment already.」
「Tch, if you have time to act all that then break my barrier already.」
The arm of the Incarnation of Destruction swiftly stretched out, aiming at the tavern old man’s head. However, the sickle of the God of Death repelled that attack.
「Let me face it first.」
Suke-san slowly stepped forward as he was.
「I’m counting on you.」
「Acknowledged!」
As Suke-san boldly answered the Tavern old man’s words, his figure disappeared in an instant. At the same time, the figure of the Incarnation of Destruction also disappeared, and thunderous roars echoed.
It was not just one time. The air trembled as it occurred for the second, third time and so on here and there in the sky.
「Suke-san sure is having a blast there.」
Kaku-san was watching the scene in a relaxed manner. However, it was as if Kaku was doing nothing at this moment.
Kaku-san was utilizing the power of God supplied from Tanaka to create an aura that neutralized the influence of the Incarnation of Destruction. It was thanks to being clad in this aura that Suke-san was able to fight against the Incarnation of Destruction.
While the Tavern old man and Kaku-san were watching the battle, dragging their injured bodies, the heroes gathered around them.
「Who in the world are you people?」
「I’m sorry but I have my hands full here. At any rate, just ask Hero-chan over there.」
Perhaps being unexpectedly occupied, Kaku-san passed Yashichi’s question to Mikoto.
「W, well, you see…. The one who is currently fighting is Suke-san, and the huge person over there is Kaku-san. They’re both Tanaka-san’s comrades.」
「I see. My friend’s…. No wonder they are so strong.」
「I…, I see.」
Yashichi showed an understanding face, while Kamui showed a slightly flustered face .
「And then…. The one there over is… the Tavern old man-san?」
「Sup. You guys have done well.」
The Tavern old man answered Mikoto’s doubt with a thumbs up. As always, his oily face was shining.
「W, why are you here, Tavern old man-san? Rather, Nikumen is old man-san?」
「Yeah, somehow I got a bad feeling, you see. I sneaked into the tournament festival, but I never expected that it would turn out to be this much of a big deal.」
「No, no, no, no, Tavern old man-san, how could you—」
「Calm down, Mikoto. You heard it in his conversation with the Incarnation of Destruction, didn’t you?」
「But! How should I put it…, I can’t believe it, or like….」
Mikoto’s words grew weaker. Kamui continued it in her stead.
「Are you really….」
「Yes, I’m the God of this world. The God of Creation.」
「In that case, can’t you just… the Incarnation of Destruction—」
The Tavern old man shook his head helplessly.
「I’m in the state of being unable to use my powers at the moment for certain reasons. This figure is also merely a temporary one, after all. That’s why I called these two. Now that he’s not here, the only ones who can stand against that guy are them.」
「Is my friend alright?」
The one who answered this question of Yashichi’s was Kaku-san.
「Don’t worry. That Tanaka fellow is fine. It’s thanks to the power Tanaka sends us that I and Suke-san are able to move at all, after all.」
「I see…, so he’s alright, huh.」
Yashichi was relieved. The other two were also the same.
「When I saw him get banished from this world, as expected I thought it’d be dangerous, but what a guy indeed. He seems to have shed a skin on the incident this time.」
As expected, none could expect less of Tanaka-san, who was currently peeling and munching on a banana-like something with the hamsters.
