Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 22 Part 2.

「…..」
The General was dumbfounded and speechless, as he witnessed the explosion of the dragon from the observation platform. Next to him, Brutus was calmly sorting out the situations.
Initially, the enemy had attacked the dragon with small-scale magic. It was an unknown magic that was far inferior to the tornado from earlier, but still by no means weak. Explosions erupted throughout the dragon’s body, destroying its tough natural armor. It lasted for a while, before eventually the dragon was defeated with a large explosion.
Most likely the enemy had immediately noticed that the dragon was no ordinary dragon. They first gauged its strength with small attacks, and before long decided to finish it in a single attack, using the least amount of power necessary.
Those monsters possessed mighty power, for sure, but they didn’t seem to be conceited by it. If they had been conceited about it, she might be able to derive a new strategy to deal with them based on it. But that plan had fragilely fallen apart. Those monsters were fighting in a calm and precisely judged manner.
Brutus was once again reminded of how tricky those monsters were. But she also noticed something. The fact that they were fighting efficiently meant that there was a high possibility that they were suppressing their power because there was a limit to their power. She thought it might indeed be a good idea to aim at shaving off the enemy’s magical energy, as she had originally planned. However, the problem was the explosive magic from earlier. She had a feeling that those monsters would be able to get through a series of battles with 30 dragons with ease with this magic.
After pondering about it for a while, Brutus changed her approach. It was because she had judged that there weren’t enough dragons to deplete their magical energy. In that case, she would leverage the dragon’s mighty vitality by challenging those monsters into a melee battle. By facing them at a close range, she’d be able to seal their powerful magic. To do so, however, she had to get the dragons to get close to them first.
Brutus turned all the dragons, which were attacking the Alliance armies from the sky, toward the monsters. She then had the dragons to circle around at a distance that was out of range of the tornado that was previously unleashed. First, she let four dragons to approach those monsters from all directions at the shortest distance and fastest speed possible.
If any of them managed to reach those monsters, then that would be good in itself. And if the enemy decided to unleash a powerful magic, she’d launch a second wave at the right moment. It should take a while to unleash such a powerful magic, even for those monsters. No matter what it took, she was determined to bring this battle against those monsters into a close range. This was the conclusion Brutus had arrived at.
◇ ◇ ◇
「Oioi, what’s going on here? There are dragons coming our way again. Moreover, they seem to be up to something.」
Kaku-san was alarmed, as he watched the dragons circling around Tanaka and co. from a distance.
「But then again, I feel that something isn’t quite right here. They don’t seems like ordinary dragons at all.」
Kaku-san’s knowledge and experience let him realize the abnormality of the dragons.
Dragons were quite intelligent, indeed, but they weren’t supposed to have the ability to move in such a neat manner. Most importantly, their movements were much better than those of ordinary dragons.
Sensing the mood, Tanaka responded.
「Yeah, I’ve noticed it too. Those dragon… they’re sick, aren’t they?」
「…..」
With a crisp look on his face, Tanaka put a hand on his chin and concluded as such. Kaku-san was unable to say anything toward Tanaka who said so in such a confident manner, despite the fact that it was totally different from what he had in his mind.
「I thought it was strange, too. I mean, they’re strangely weak, after all. However, it still improved my Dragon Slayer skill…」
There, Tanaka paused his words and grinned.
「…. This is an opportunity. Now that there’s a problem with Kaku-san’s magic, it’s your time to shine, Suke-san. And if you do well here, my Suke-san invincible project would make great progress…. kukukuku.」
As he said so, the dragons also began to make their move. They began to approach the three at high speed from all directions.
「Alright! We hereby commence the Suke-san invincible project! I’ll weaken those dragons using Stone balls. Suke-san, you’ll then reap the lives of those already weakened dragons! I’ll turn you into the strongest Dragon Slayer!」
「Is that okay-degozaru?」
Tanaka first enhanced Suke-san with acceleration magic, before beginning to continuously fire Stone balls to all of the approaching dragons. The dragons, which were approaching from all directions, continued to fly at high speed even while being barraged with explosions. By the time they came close to Tanaka and co., they were already all battered up.
At this point, as it seemed as though they were about to get into close combat, Tanaka’s wee bit more powerful stone balls greeted them. The dragons’ limbs and wings were all blown off. As the four dragons were unable to move, Suke-san moved to finish them off. The dragons touchingly made their last standings with only their necks.
Normally, it would’ve taken time for her to kill them, but the dragons had already lost their tough armor. One by one, Suke-san’s scythe reaped the dragons’ battered bodies. One by one, the dragon’s lives were reaped in order. When Suke-san had cut off the head of the last dragon, Tanaka asked.
「How’s it, Suke-san? Did you obtain the power of Dragon Slayer?」
「It was a success-degozaru. In fact, each time I took one down, I felt that the next attack became easier-degozaru.」
The skill was successfully obtained, and it seemed that he’d already even experienced the effect of the skill. Tanaka let out a laugh of satisfaction.
「Fufufu… hahahahahaha! We did it! We did it! With this the prowess of Team Tanaka is on the rapid rise!」
Tanaka continued to laugh, but after a while he calmed down before striking his signature pose and declared to the world
「O World… To attain the supreme seat, we shall devour it! … The Power of the Dragon!」
Suke-san and Kaku-san also lined up next to him in the same pose, waiting for the dragons.
Name: Tanaka
Level: 25             Experience: 2220/2500     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 3.9e13/3.9e13     Magical energy: 5.5e13/5.5e13
Strength: 3.9e12         Dexterity: 3.8e12         Agility: 4.0e12
Intelligence: 5.2e12         Spirit: 5.3e12
Skills: Sword (2.33) Magic (2.34) Believed One (1.51) Dragon Slayer (2.71) Spirit Master (0.19)
Equipment: Sword, Cool clothes, Black cloak
Money: 4548,000G
.
Name: Suke
Level: 13             Experience: 939/1300     Guild Rank: E
Vitality: 168.00/168.00     Magical energy: 232.00/232.00
Strength: 81.00         Dexterity: 79.00         Agility: 114.00
Intelligence: 96.00         Spirit: 99.00
Skills: Lance (1.05) Magic (1.34) Dragon Slayer (1.98)
Equipment: Scythe, Black robe
Money: 100,000G
.
Name: Kaku
Vitality: 4096.00/4096.00     Magical energy: 4096.00/4096.00
Skills: Personification (10.00) Magic (10.00) Grand Magic (1.03) Apostle (0.19)
