Rising Of Tanaka In Another World
Written by Guri,
The Rising of Tanaka – 108 Part 2.

One day, when the powerful people gathered in Nanashi town began to feel as if training in the nearby wasteland was a daily routine–.
They, who were about to start their training as usual, ceased their movements when they saw the figure of three people who had arrived a little late.
「Oioi, what the hell is that?」
The one who answered that question of Curryman’s, the first person to speak up, was Toby, one of the three who were oozing dubious aura.
「I went to meet Tanaka-san to apologize for breaking the cursed sword, but….」
Answering to that point, Toby lifted up the object in his hand forward.
「Somehow he ended up easily fixing it.」
He pulled out the one-handed sword that was resting in its sheath. Its appearance was like that of a normal sword, but it was without a doubt the cursed sword of despair, Scream Vaster, whose blade was supposed to have been broken in the battle the other day.
「It’s really… by that person… unbelievable.」
「Astonishing, isn’t it? Even though it was broken to such an extent, now it’s returned to how it used to be, after all.」
At the murmur of the superior spirit Zonmer-slash-Uesama, Toby replied with affirmative words, but he misunderstood the reason as to why Uesama was astonished.
The blade that had been completely destroyed had not been repaired, but had been recreated from scratch. That cursed sword that had been created by the power of God, and the power concealed within was no longer comparable to what they used to be. It had evolved into a sword worthy of being called a divine sword.
「Hmm, you see, my friend was also worried about you, Toby. With that sword, you will be able to face that monster on equal grounds, right? Good for you.」
「No, personally, I wouldn’t mind even if I don’t participate in the battle, though… Rather, I didn’t want to….」
The grumbling Toby said in a quiet tone was completely ignored, and his compulsory participation in the training was thus settled.
「Then–, what in the world is that thing on your body?」
Next, the one who received Torte’s question was Ganash, whose huge body was completely wrapped in jet black armor from the top of his head to the tip of his toes.
「We were enemies until a few days ago. I went to meet that man for some greetings in order to avoid friction, but….」
By the way, after completing the barrier in a single day, Tanaka returned to Nanashi town. He, who headed straight toward where his teacher Omoi was upon his return, after repulsively begging him for his own room, secluded himself in the arranged guild room. There, he steadily hatched the Hero-chan conquering plan, but none was the wiser of that fearsome truth.
Under such circumstances, Ganash came to visit Tanaka. Tanaka only had a casual thought of ‘how orthodox it is for a former enemy to become an ally,’ and the friction that Ganash had feared never occurred.
However, you ought to not forget that the Tanaka of that time was in the middle of driving his kyakya ufufu plan with Hero-chan.
He had noticed it with his little man’s sense of smell. Ganash possessed a fierce looking face, but if we had to classify it, he was on the side of the handsome men. It was always guys like him who excelled at NTRing others.
With this, when the time came for the final battle, if a mysterious ally were to come along, Tanaka’s patience would surely run out. This was because the possibility of the child between Tanaka’s harem candidate and Ganash had come from the future with a time machine was exceedingly high.
As even Tanaka Taro-shi, a self-proclaimed world authority on astrophysics, had hinted to the world of this danger, Tanaka was confident in this conjecture.
That was why Tanaka-san immediately took action.
「Before I knew it, he had already handed it to me.」
One could keenly sense Tanaka-san’s design that all handsome men should die from the full-face helmet that completely hid his face. The full plate mail that seemed to match the helmet was surely just a decoration in order to cover up this malice. And the fact that they were jet black colored could only be referred to as Tanaka-san’s preference.
「I see…. Such action is so like my friend.」
「What do you mean?」
Ganash raised such an inquiry to Yashichi, who seemed to have noticed something.
「My friend must have noticed it since he had direct fist exchanges with you. The battle style of fighting head-on leveraging your inherent great firepower is indeed reliable when it comes to attacking, but there’s slight insecurity when it comes to defending. The opponent this time is a dangerous one that could annihilate us with a simple graze. He must have entrusted it to you in consideration of the off chance you failed to evade.」
「To think he’d worry about me, who was once his enemy.」
「That battle has already been settled. And he isn’t one to put such strange label at this point.」
I truly hoped that Yashichi-shi could give a sermon to the person who labelled others as NTRman.
「To give away such an article so easily, what in the world was that person thinking…?」
Uesama exasperated in a quiet voice that couldn’t be heard by anyone.
The jet black armor Ganash equipped was also something that Tanaka had created. The hidden power of this armor was so great that it would be passed down as the strongest armor in the world for eternity, but let’s save this matter for later.
「I see. Well, do your best to try at least not to get swung around by your equipment.」
Saying that, Torte turned her attention to the last one. There stood a junker with Moonlight Custom Unit One rikishi on her hands and a smug look on her face. Torte turned around without saying a word.
「I believe the so-called emergency barrier won’t last much longer. So we have to brace ourselves even more.」
「Y, you’re right. Let’s do our best.」
While being considerate of Torte, who had magnificently ignored the last one, Mikoto and the others endeavored in their training today as well.
